[u"I purchased a 7 day advanced room (actually 2 months prior) and needed to cancel my trip. I called almost one month in advance and was told I can cancel but I would not receive a refund. I was never told that it was not refundable. 5 other reservations all said no problem but not here. Please don't do business with a company like this!",
 u'Stayed two nights after AMTRAKing from LA. Walked from railway station to hotel. An old building refitted to be good lodging place. Refitting was installing bathroom in each room as an afterthought. Remaining space is small for higher class hotel. Simularly, the elevator column eats part of the original lobby space. The classy open stairway is still in service. Also, historic district sign code constricts the outdoor sign of the hotel to omit the words Best Western. beyond her oddities the place was just fine. Good beds, clean bathrooms, nice breakfast, WIFI, internet computers, competent staff, reasonable price.',
 u"If I hadn't paid full price I would have thought I was in a hostel. It was terrible starting with fighting traffic until a space was open in front of the hotel to park to check in. The parking garage was a nightmare with small twisting levels and cars traveling in both directions down the ramp. The room was very small and didn't have a desk or a place to work other than the bed. Very uncomfortable to use a laptop. Breakfast was very bare bones with mediocre coffee and reconstituted juice. All night the people above me were moving around and making enough noise to wake me. The staff was wonderful and the room was very clean. The hotel staff were wonderful and very helpful but I would never stay here again, it was a hassle from the beginning.",
 u'Some friends and I booked this hotel for my Birthday becasue it was close to the bars in pioneer square. I booked the "deluxe city view room" ...it was neither deluxe nor city view. It was the smallest hotel room i have ever been in, and our "city view" was of a parking lot. As for the parking, it was 2 blocks away in a public parking garage, were the posted public price per day was $6 less that what i payed at the front desk.',
 u'stayed at this hotel nov. 13th, 2011. we were given a "deluxe room" w/ 2 double beds. the room was very spacious and the beds very comfortable. unfortunately, the room was on the street side and it was extremely loud all night, even with earplugs in. my friends received an inside room w/ no view but it was very quiet. next time we stay we will request an inside room.',
 u"Convenient location - can walk to Mariner's game - but rather old and tired. Over-priced for what you get. Breakfast was good, service/staff was friendly. Parking rather inconvenient as you had to drive a couple of blocks away to park and then the ticket wouldn't work and we had to haggle with the parking lot attendant. Overall ok, but I won't be back. Pioneer Square can be rather sketchy, especially at night.",
 u"This Best Western is located on the waterfront, close to the piers and within walking distance to the Baseball stadium/chinatown and of course-Pioneer Square. Because it is on the courtesy bus route(during the day), you can avoid the hills to get to the Fish Market and other places within the city. The room was comfortable and the breakfast was nice. We enjoyed discovering another part of town after staying near the Space Needle before our cruise. The location of the Best Western hotel had some more grungy type bars, but we found some nicer restaurants. I couldn't imagine a couple over 60 or a familyenjoying its local very much.(Nearer the Spcae Needle seems better), but we found the area interesting and I enjoyed the underground tour which was minutes from the hotel, Most important-if you are able bodied-there is a metro for $2.00 to the airport with a stop 5 minutes walk away from the hotel(slighly uphill) that will save you a $50 limo ride!",
 u'We booked on their website, the least expensive room with two twin beds, but this may not exist, because we were upgraded when we arrived to two doubles. Chose the hotel for its location near the Art Museum and Pike\xe2\u20ac\u2122s Market (6-8 blocks). Overall, it\xe2\u20ac\u2122s nicely decorated in keeping with the historic neighborhood, but our room was very small. Not enough floor space to even put up the luggage rack or ironing board. The furniture was decent quality, if a bit too large for the space. The bathroom counter was 3/4ths occupied by coffee maker, ice bucket and glasses. Our room card key was temperamental, and changing keys didn\xe2\u20ac\u2122t help. A phone in the hallway to contact the front desk was inoperative. We slept very well, no noise from other guests, and the raised highway nearby sounded like ocean surf, not disturbing. The continental breakfast is very generous, with an excellent waffle maker. The free parking garage, however, is treacherous, with lanes so narrow that turning its blind corners could mean running head-on into a car in the opposite direction. Descending on one corner I had to pull to the side, stop, then back up to return to the lane in order to avoid a collision. If you\xe2\u20ac\u2122ve got a larger car, park somewhere else! Spaces are first-come-first-serve anyway, and we went up 5 floors before finding a spot. The historic neighborhood felt safe, although since it was cold weather there may have been fewer street people around. If you\xe2\u20ac\u2122re willing to put up with a few quirks in an older building, this is a good location for seeing downtown Seattle. You don\xe2\u20ac\u2122t need to walk steeply uphill to access the market and shops overlooking the waterfront. It\xe2\u20ac\u2122s a half dozen blocks from an Amtrak station and also near the ferries.',
 u"I recently stayed here for 1 night over the September Long Weekend. This is possibly the worst hotel I have ever stayed at. It is grungy, doesn't smell nice, in a terrible location - its next to a bad area (my gf was yelled at twice by bums on the street coming out of the hotel); the service staff (particularily the Manager) is rude, and tried to overcharge us when we went to leave - we had booked for 3 nights then want to check out after one night given the conditions (our opinion). For Less than what this place costs you can go down the street to near Safeco field (hotel will be obvious) and stay in a beautiful new, modern hotel with a pool, hotub and beautiful rooms, also a safer location. We thought we were getting a good room as Best Western is typically a safe bet - we recently stayed in their New York location which was pretty good. Even if they didn't overcharge me by $61, I would think it is only fair to let other travellers know about this place. Avoid if possible. One positive - it has a waffle iron, which isnt terrible.",
 u'My husband and I arrived at the Pioneer Square Hotel for our anniversary for 4 nights and 5 days. The staff provided us with a bottle of champagne and snacks. It was an incredibly nice welcome for us. The room was older and a a little outdated but was comfortable. Oh - and the elevator is extremely slow. The hotel provides a free breakfast but after the first day of trying the continental breakfast we decided to skip it the rest of the trip. It was difficult navigating to get our breakfast in a little space with many people. The breakfast was standard continental fare. The hotel is about 7 blocks from Pike Place Market and downtown. Many of the streets are steep and uphill. If I chose to do it over, I would have chosen a hotel closer to the Market. Overall we had a good stay at the Pioneer.',
 u'Noise from police sirens, buses, load music and a crying baby in a nearby room. Soft lumpy beds. Our upgraded room with a view looked onto a street where homeless people slept. This hotel should not be in the Best Western group. The staff didnt care when I said that I had had a bad night. Also parking is $20 and you have to walk a few blocks away. We did not feel safe late at night in this area coming back from the parking lot. I would not recommend this hotel.',
 u'Overall the hotel was not a bad one. The thing that turned us off about the trip was the location of the hotel. While staying there my family got approached by homeless people everyday, at least 4 times a day while we walked around the Pioneer District. Enough to make you feel uncomfortable with a baby in tow. Also on the last night of our stay, my father got propositioned by a homeless woman on his way back from the parking garage alone. The bell men at the hotel were very friendly, and the rooms were clean. Breakfast was average, and nothing to write home about. Then again though, it was free. If we were to go to Seattle again, I would spend more money to stay somewhere else. The savings that this hotel offers compared to the more expensive ones downtown were not worth it. This was the first Tripadvisor.com rating that I truly felt was over-rated and incorrect.',
 u'This hotel was located just right for our needs. The staff is very friendly and helpful. A number of tours are within walking distance and another will pick you up at the door. The complimentary breakfast will fill you up and get you ready to explore Seattle. Al Boccalino, the Italian restaurant next door, is terrific!',
 u'Location was central to places I wanted to see. Stayed 2 nights - room was small but comfortable and clean for the price charged. Staff member Mike was knowledgeable and helpful. Complimentary breakfast offered was much better than other same category chain hotels. Only downside to my stay was that the room window faced the side alley, with loud noises late at night that sounded like a garbage dumpster was being emptied.',
 u'I would not stay here again, nor recommend it. Where to start\xe2\u20ac\xa6 Well, I\xe2\u20ac\u2122ll admit it was our fault to reserve so last minute on a busy weekend, but the rate of $200 tax for the first night compared to $95 the next night almost seemed criminal. The value was simply horrible. I\xe2\u20ac\u2122m kicking myself now for paying so much for a room that was clearly no better than one at Motel 6. And if the cost wasn\xe2\u20ac\u2122t bad enough, upon arrival we were informed it was also the smallest room in the entire hotel, something they did NOT mention over the phone. When I expressed displeasure, I was offered no recourse, no discount, nothing. The $20/night parking fee was also an unpleasant surprise. Also upon arrival, the initial welcome left a rude, very negative feeling in general. We are a younger couple, and as such, it felt we were treated in a condescending manner. For example, the parking garage key \xe2\u20ac\u201c I was told \xe2\u20ac\u0153It\xe2\u20ac\u2122s worth $50 to us, so it\xe2\u20ac\u2122s worth $50 to you, lose it and it will be charged to your credit card\xe2\u20ac\ufffd. Not friendly or welcoming at all. Once we made it to the room, we realized just how small it was. There was about one foot of clearance all around the bed, and barely enough room for luggage. Oh, and lets not forget the spectacular view of a brick wall outside. $200/night for this? Never again. We settled for it anyways due to a long day of driving and just generally being too tired to make an issue of it. Amenities\xe2\u20ac\xa6 All your Best Western standards were there. The complimentary breakfast was your usual bagels, etc. The wireless internet though, was extremely slow and almost unusable. Overall, this is an old hotel albeit well maintained, but in a less desirable area of downtown Seattle (everything is uphill walking from this hotel). It\xe2\u20ac\u2122s a fair distance from any attractions, and also right next to a major viaduct, so I assume some rooms are likely quite noisy. $95/night (peak) sounds acceptable, anything more and you\xe2\u20ac\u2122re paying far too much. I expected better from a Best Western.',
 u'We spent just 1 night in this hotel. It was inside Pionner Area, near rail station. It was clean, quiet. Just expensive.',
 u'This hotel is a big disappointment. While the staff is nice, our room has an intense moldy smell, lots of traffic noise, and lots of street lighting slipping through the curtains at night. This part of Seattle is very "seedy" as well. The smell of urine is very strong along practically every street and alley. The room is also small. I would recommend staying away from this place!',
 u"Not sure how hotels are rated but i've stayed at ones in the 2 star rating that are much nicer than this one!!!Place is clean, but the beds are the worst.......bed are from a 1 start type hotel, nice pillows however......There are a large number of homeless panhandling in the area and you can't do the 1.5 block walk from parking without getting hit up...pretty rough neighborhood and seems to be getting worse.. The bellman was awesome and the night cleck fun...however the day staff sucks....over charged us on one room and wounldn't honor price......also because of that we check out and went else where....they are still trying to charge me for 4 more nights that we aren't going to be there for... Very bad customer service skills and also called best western to complain, seems all are independent...we'll see how honest they are",
 u"We were coming by train from Portland and the Best Western Pioneer Square is conveniently located, just a six block walk from the Amtrak station. Also a good location for exploring Seattle. It's easy to get to Pike Place Market Place, restaurants and downtown locations on foot or by bus. Pioneer Square is worth exploring and has a great bookstore, the Elliot Bay Book Company. What we didn't know before we got there is that there is an elevated freeway that runs above the part of the waterfront that is immediately west of the hotel. That area of the waterfront is, as a consequence, very noisy and not very attractive. We were there in July and it was hot enough that we needed the air conditioning provided by the room's older window unit. Thankfully, the air conditioner blocked the freeway noise. I wouldn't stay there at other times of year with nothing to block the noise. Since other reviewers describe their rooms as quiet, maybe there are quieter rooms further down Yesler street from the freeway. Or maybe some people are better at tuning out that kind of noise. Aside from the noisy location, this hotel was fine; clean, comfortable enough, reasonably priced when compared to other hotels further north. Breakfast was fine though nothing memorable.",
 u"Hotel noisey. We complained & the front desk offered an upgrade for additional $50 a night. Room was suppose to be a queen, but was actually a full. We booked directly thru hotel, not priceline or hotels.com. Great location. Clean, but don't expect a good nights rest!",
 u"The hotel is not terrible in itself, but the looming and noisy I-5 viaduct is nearby. Also, the King Co. courthouse is not far, and there are a lot of people who hang out around there and around this whole area who are not the greatest. There are some nice tourist destinations near this hotel, but you're much better off staying nearer the convention center and only visiting the Pioneer Square area in daylight if there are specific things there you want to see. Near the convention center puts you closer to other places in the downtown area like the Pike St. Market.",
 u'We stayed at this Hotel while in Seattle on Business. Check in was very complicated they had no parking available when we arrived and the front desk staff was not helpful at all with the parking situation. Our company was paying for the stay but when we arrived we had to wait 45 minutes for someone in the office to figure out what was going on. When we arrived in our room we were plesantly surprised it was large very clean and comfortable. The wireless internet left a lot to be desired very slow and constant drop offs. In the evening the noise from the freeway nearby was constant.. For the money that this establishment cost we could have stayed in a Sheraton or Hilton and been a lot happier',
 u"Stayed at this place because I had a business meeting in downtown Seattle. This hotel is right in Downtown seattle but is in the Pioneer square area. To me, this area was pretty bad and I would walk around there alone (I am a woman). I would not feel safe there. Anyway, the hotel is pretty nice and the customer service is first rate. The room was very large but the bed was extremely uncomfortable. Great pillows but my body ached from sleeping in the very hard bed. The shower was the best part! Big and plenty of hot water!! I loved that part! Luckily I didn't have to pay for the room but it was pretty expensive - not worth the money to me. And, parking is a mess there - you have to park about 2 blocks away in this parking garage that is not run by the hotel. It is very inconveinant.....",
 u'This hotel is great if you are looking for a nice, boutique-ish hotel in downtown Seattle, as long as you don\'t mind the "culture" of Pioneer Square. There are definitely better hotels, but this is just a few blocks from the two stadiums and in the middle of a district with great shopping. Pioneer Square does have a bit of a homeless problem, but I\'ve never seen that spill into the hotel. The rooms as fairly small, but nicely appointed. Free breakfast is okay.',
 u"We had a nice stay in Seattle for two days in this hotel, until the moment we were checking out. We had noticed what appeared to be vagrants sitting in the unattended lobby a couple of times, including the early morning were checking out. My wife left our bags for a moment to get a muffin at the continental breakfast and when she came back to the bags, her handbag was gone, and so was the fellow who was sitting across from her. I was at the counter checking out and didn't see anything, but I did see the suspicious fellow sitting in the lobby as I move our bags. The manager was not there, as it was a Sunday, and they have treated us like we're trying to pull a scam. They claim no liability for baggage untended, but they should at least take responsibility for making sure their lobby is clear of derelicts waiting to prey on their customers. From about 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. there is supposed to be someone at the front door, but outside those hours they have nobody there, and the clerks are unable to see who is coming in or leaving. The manager says they have security cameras, but I think she was bluffing to see if I backed off of our claims. None of the other employees there that morning knew of any cameras. Furthermore, the manager NEVER returned any of my calls as promised. We feel we've been treated disrespectfully, and none of our suggestions have been taken seriously (ie the need for full-time front-door concierge/security). That part of Seattle has really become full of vagrants. BEWARE!!",
 u'We were booked to stay here for two nights from the 31st of august , we arrived at about 7PM only to be told that thay had no parking. We were given directions to some public parking but they did not tell us that there was a match on in the stadium. we could not find anywhere to park so we drove to the best western executive inn by the space needle to see if they had any rooms..We were very impressed with the service. they phoned back to the pioneer square to see if we could transfer our booking, which they did at no extra charge.{well done Best Western}.so remember to book a parking space when booking your room if you are driving.']
done in 0.005s.
Extracting tf-idf features for NMF...
done in 0.006s.
Extracting tf features for LDA...
done in 0.005s.

Fitting the NMF model (Frobenius norm) with tf-idf features, n_samples=2000 and n_features=1000...
done in 0.060s.

Topics in NMF model (Frobenius norm):
Topic #0: room street smell night small alley staff traffic noise recommend stayed loud place stay hotel big helpful late comfortable location
Topic #1: hotel great pioneer breakfast square free don hotels downtown location homeless rooms rest com blocks district good got market bit
Topic #2: parking view city public did western best lot booked room space away square park needle deluxe blocks arrived pioneer stadium
Topic #3: just inside quiet station expensive near area clean night hotel room beds time friends deluxe extremely door given getting garage
Topic #4: told actually called needed said problem don business company trip like day room located felt garage friends friendly freeway free
Topic #5: door number walking distance complimentary located right friendly helpful just seattle staff breakfast hotel expensive garage friends district don freeway
Topic #6: pretty bed getting area stayed pillows customer bad parking large hotel service place best walk worst check rating ones rated
Topic #7: area near nearer places want closer market terrible far viaduct staying pike noisy hotel nearby better like people lot nice
Topic #8: space good place hotel open historic elevator bathroom building fine lobby walked station internet old price district small beds service
Topic #9: manager lobby door treated seattle think pull need outside counter days making time sure left times continental trying coming did

Fitting the NMF model (generalized Kullback-Leibler divergence) with tf-idf features, n_samples=2000 and n_features=1000...
done in 0.075s.

Topics in NMF model (generalized Kullback-Leibler divergence):
Topic #0: room staff hotel night place breakfast noise good stayed small stay nice location walk street clean seattle parking coming desk
Topic #1: pioneer square downtown breakfast nice better pike people worth hotel rooms market ve closer free overall elevator great homeless just
Topic #2: pioneer square parking away walk service stadium park city lot blocks view western best public booked given couple space did
Topic #3: area beds street hotel quiet expensive near night people inside just station extremely view nearer nearby lot noisy comfortable places
Topic #4: room like nights price don actually offered hotels stay small day location clean booked problem told company called needed rest
Topic #5: staff just seattle complimentary breakfast walking right helpful better friendly door did charged treated located key distance places 50 number
Topic #6: rate bad parking money feel worth extremely hotel area woman uncomfortable rated downtown expensive garage safe homeless blocks recommend bed
Topic #7: avoid best nice grungy minutes near check western area location worst went pretty walking bus nearer stop nicer rooms bars
Topic #8: place service clean western fine nights price stayed beds hotel historic lobby old just elevator best district good building neighborhood
Topic #9: continental money nice left like seattle time arrived older nearby pull stay slow treated ve building station nicely need large

Fitting LDA models with tf features, n_samples=2000 and n_features=1000...
done in 0.069s.

Topics in LDA model:
Topic #0: parking hotel room stayed arrived area pretty seattle noise lot bad money blocks safe large staff away bed feel nearby
Topic #1: hotel pioneer breakfast square room rooms best western parking better downtown night just seattle stay great space noise did noisy
Topic #2: room area hotel staying street places nice smell alley like night better small near staff clean big hotels helpful away
Topic #3: overall hotel luggage night staying breakfast recommend 20 market rude weekend view people friendly closer itâ foot didn pioneer don
Topic #4: manager lobby door treated seattle days nice time sure breakfast think did coming counter stay couple continental like times trying
Topic #5: hotel good place space historic internet building price bathroom small nights station nice lobby clean staff walked room just elevator
Topic #6: room hotel view parking deluxe city public desk friends staff price garage stay booked beds inside small night space pioneer
Topic #7: hotel room expensive parking location got clean stay near neighborhood homeless night ve ones rating area seattle garage went itâ
Topic #8: hotel location good night stayed western best needle room nice place couple parking avoid service walk 50 area grungy nights
Topic #9: told door friendly seattle walking business breakfast actually room problem like staff right called number hotel day complimentary just located


