[u'We enjoyed the Best Western Pioneer Square. My husband and I had a room with a king bed and it was clean, quiet, and attractive. Our sons were in a room with twin beds. Their room was in the corner on the main street and they said it was a little noisier and the neon light shone in. But later hotels on the trip made them appreciate this one more. We loved the old wood center staircase. Breakfast was included and everyone was happy with waffles, toast, cereal, and an egg meal. Location was great. We could walk to shops and restaurants as well as transportation. Pike Market was a reasonable walk. We enjoyed the nearby Gold Rush Museum. Very, very happy with our stay. Staff was helpful and knowledgeable.',
 u'Great visit to Seattle thanks to our stay at the Best Western Pioneer Square! The hotel was reasonably priced and close to everything we wanted to see - ferry ride, Underground Tour, Klondike Museum, short walk to Pike Market and other shopping. The staff was amazingly helpful and accommodating. Our room was very clean and had everything we needed. Breakfast was plentiful and very good. Before we booked, I read about some potential issues with the area. I can honestly say that the area was just fine! In fact, if you enjoy historic and quaint parts of town, this is definitely where you want to stay. I will be recommending this hotel to anyone who is headed to Seattle.',
 u'Great Location,short walk from Amtrak station, Link or to a game. Price perfect for downtown Seattle. Historic Building, clean and comfortable. Breakfast was good. Staff friendly and helpful. The family is already thinking of the next stay. Super Cool Toy store across the street for all ages.',
 u'Accommodation in Seattle can be expensive. This hotel is very reasonably priced, located just off Pioneer Square, close to shops and restaurants and public transport (light rail). It appears to have recently been completely renovated in a period theme. Rooms are small but well equipped comfortable and clean - reminds me a little of a European style hotel. Staff are polite and helpful - in a genuine way. It is suitable for all types of stays business to a romantic getaway. Next time your in Seattle stay here!',
 u"Very cool old building in a great location. Check in went well (temp parking in front), parkade is about 1 block away. If you are there on a weekend, make sure you aren't getting screwed by the rates the hotel charges, compared to the parkade charges. Rooms are large. Non view rooms actually just look at a wall so might be bad if you are claustrophobic. DO NOT stay by the elevator. We were there mid afternoon and were given the room right behind the elevator when there were still lots of rooms left to book out. Even when the elevator didn't run, it banged constantly. We were able to move rooms the following day. It's an old building so the hallway floors creak. Also, we were there on a Sat. night and had young people partying around us. Sunday was much quieter. Breakfast was very good however the room was extremely small.",
 u'We stayed 3 nights and it was great. The room was a great size; bed was very comfortable',
 u'said: This is a great little hotel located within walking distance of the Amtrak station. The room we had was super, new furniture fairly large and a wonderful updated bathroom. The Wifi was great and reliable. The breakfast is very good with waffles plus they had fruit etc. The staff could not have been more friendly or efficient. The property is good value and located near lots of pubs and restaurants',
 u'We went to Seattle on a spur of the moment idea for Super Bowl. All the hotels a long the waterfront were averaging at $200-$250 a night. We came a long the Best Western a 5 minute walk to the water at $100 for the evening which included free wifi and a great continental breakfast. The staff were friendly and knowledgeable, I would definitely recommend this hotel!',
 u'Great little hotel. Super bedding, quiet, close to the ball parks and King St. Station and underground station.',
 u'We stayed at the Best Western Plus Pioneer Square Hotel for 2 nights in mid-Sept, 2011. If you are looking for a conveniently-located downtown hotel for a reasonable price, this hotel is for you. It is located within a couple blocks of the Bus tunnel which gets you downtown for free during the day and also provides a way to get to the airport. However, it is close enough to walk to the waterfront attractions, Pike Place Market, the ballpark, the stadium, and the center-city of Seattle. We did not get a rental car because of the location and availability of public transportation. The hotel is in a historic building. The rooms are quite nice and are not "cookie-cutter". There are not many amenities to the hotel itself, though there is a breakfast room and "free" Continental breakfast was included in our room rate. There is a pub next door (same building) as well as several other shops. A good Italian restaurant (Al Boccalino) is less than 100 feet away, and a variety of shops and restaurants or pubs are very close. The "Seattle Underground" tour is located nearby and a couple of ferries are within sight out the front door of the hotel. The staff was very friendly and helpful. They greeted us as we walked by the front desk every time. We would like to get back to Seattle next year to see more sights and catch a ballgame. This hotel will be our first choice.',
 u"The Best Western Pioneer Square is a great hotel in an underrated part of downtown Seattle. The historic hotel has retained its historic atmosphere without sacrificing quality. My son and I stayed for 5 days here in January. Being off season, it may have problems (like noise) that we did not run into. The room was compact but very livable and very clean. Our room faced an internal courtyard and was very quiet, especially for a downtown hotel. The free breakfast was exceptional in my opinion; plenty of options with a helpful staff dedicated to the breakfast room. The staff was very friendly and very helpful. The location is a little ways from the financial/shopping part of downtown Seattle, but a rather easy walk. Pioneer Square has a lot of ambiance, and the waterfront and stadiums are very close by, along with public transportation (Amtrak, light rail to the airport). Lots of good restaurants and pubs within a block or two. This was one of those rare hotel experiences where I have nothing but good things to say about this hotel. Just keep in mind that it's almost 100 years old and not a 5* luxury hotel, and you won't be disappointed.",
 u"We loved the area where this old hotel is located. you have restaraunts and shops all around pioneer square, but they cater to the downtown area so they close early around 7pm. The room was large and the bed very comfortable and our room faced the street and it was very quiet. We enjoyed the small breakfast as we were looking for something to hold us over til we got to Pike's market. The staff was helpful and even though the parking is off sight it was not that inconvenient. You are allowed to park in front for 15 minutes to get your bags up to your room. We ate at the Italian eatery next door and found it romantic and good food but a little over priced and they will charge you for everything so be careful. You have to ask. The bread does not come with the meal!!! Overall we loved the place and will come back again.",
 u"My husband and I had a trip to Seattle with our daughter, who had a job interview. We wanted to her to get a good tour of the city and neighborhoods, to see if she might enjoy living there--so it was a business and sightseeing trip. The Pioneer Square Best Western Plus was a great choice for us, located in the historic part of downtown. It was about 20 minutes from the airport, which was an easy drive (though the train from the airport is a great option if you don't need to drive). The hotel was close to a lot of attractions, the free city bus ran a block away from the door (straight up to Pike's Market) and there were lots of good restaurants near by (check out Delicatos for great deli sandwiches, Cherry Street Coffee Shop for a cup of home roasted brew and breakfast, and Elliott Bay Oyster House for great seafood, a view and great service!). We were upgraded to a large room with 2 queen beds, desk, and small sofa as a Best Western club member. The bottled water and chocolate chip cookies were appreciated. The beds were comfy and linens were nice, the bathroom spotless, the room a great size, free wireless, and the continental breakfast was a great bonus. I got a great price online, though had some trouble booking through Southwest (with our flight), so when I called the hotel directly, they honored the online price. The parking was $20/day, which is less than many area hotels and though it is up the street in a parking garage, you got a card that gave you access in and out, even when the garage was closed at night to the public. There is a small parking zone in front of the hotel for loading/unloading luggage. There was a small amount of street noise, but it didn't affect our sleep. The staff was friendly and right on with their restaurant suggestions. We also did a walking tour of Seattle (Seattle By Foot City Tour-$20/person 2 hr tour)--a fun, informative and easy paced tour of the highlights of downtown Seattle with a great guide--highly recommended! We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and hope to be back to Seattle soon!",
 u'My husband and I stayed at this hotel, and we recommend it to anyone travelling to Seattle for business or pleasure. The staff was very friendly and efficient, and extremely helpful. The hotel was clean and quiet (thought the air conditioning in the bedroom was a bit noisy). Breakfast was great!',
 u'The staff were very friendly and helpful. The room was nice and very clean, despite being old-fashioned. The bathroom was huge! We got a very late check-out at no extra cost.',
 u"Having stayed at many BW hotels this was a nice, refreshing surprise. The booking (on the road) and the check in upon arrival was excellent and the service outstanding. Having a large 3/4 ton van can have its challenges for parking, however the reception staff were very helpful in accomodating this requirement, even before I got there. The room was large with a very comfortable bed and decor. The location is great if you want to explore downtown Seattle and its historic section. Pikes market is a nice walk away and the 'free' tourist bus route is close at hand. The rail transit to/from Seatac is not too far away and is an economical way to travel this leg, if required.",
 u"I have stayed at many Best Westerns across 4 continents and have learned never to have very high hopes, but this one was a nice surprise. The check in was quick, with friendly polite service, and the room was very big with a very comfortable king size bed, and it looked immaculate. The bathroom is quite small however, and only has a shower, which is fine by me, although the shower can double as a shallow, small tub but for people who want a full size tub this would be a problem. As I said, the shower was fine for me, with brand name soaps etc., and nice big fluffy towels that also looked new. My only negative comment would be that I would have liked a choice of feather pillows, instead of synthetic, but maybe that's asking too much. I found the price to be excellent as well for a downtown hotel, and would definitely stay here again if I am in the area. A very pleasant stay, at a very pleasant hotel. Recommended.",
 u"One of the hotel highlights of our west coast trip. We chose this hotel because of it's location close to the Amtrak station and the positive reviews from trip Advisor. We stayed for 2 days in late October and loved the ambiance of the architecture and cozy comfort, and quiet of our spotlessly clean room. We had no view, but who cares, we were more interested in viewing Seattle by walking and Pioneer Square is perfect for it! This was also one of the most pleasant, and helpful front desk staffs we have ever dealt with. The breakfast was very good and they get extra stars for serving so early.",
 u"Don't judge a book by its cover. When I drove up to this hotel at night, I had second thoughts about making that reservation. It looked like a seedy hotel in a forgotten part of town. But step inside, and you'll find a quaint, well-decorated space with a friendly, attentive staff. Our room was clean and bright with large windows and high ceilings. The location is south of the busy downtown, but there are plenty of great eateries and interesting shops. It's just a couple of blocks from the waterfront. Pike Place Market is further away, but we walked there--the blocks are short. We parked our car in an off-site parking garage nearby and walked everywhere. It rained non-stop, but the hotel loaned us umbrellas. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay. This will be my Seattle hotel from now on.",
 u'We were happy to find this hotel in historic Pioneer Square. Great value and location. Easy walking to restaurants on the sound. Personable staff and very helpful.',
 u'Very close to the waterfront and in walking distance of most of the attractions. The room was very clean and roomy. The hotel had a vintage appearance and had on old style appeal that we very nice. Parking is located off site and is two blocks from the hotel, but there is a loading spot that you can use while checking in/out',
 u"I liked this hotel. The staff greeted us and were very helpful in finding a room suitable for my mobility needs (close to lift, big shower). We were upgraded to a room with a huge king size bed, lots of room and a large square tub, not too high, that had a seat built into it. Nice. :9) This place is clean and recently redone. The staircase is something they are proud of and the panelled conference room with 24/7 use of two pc's. I brought over some pho from a restaurant across the street and the young fellow at reception was pleased to bring me a large bowl from the hotel to eat my pho. Nice touch, fellow. Our room was on the inside of the hotel on the airshaft, but we heard almost nothing of the other guests.",
 u"I've stayed in this quaint Victorian style hotel with my wife on an overnight trip to Seattle. Staff was very friendly and accommodating from the get-go. The hotel is situated just minutes from the piers, and in walking distance to the downtown core. No need to take a taxi, everything is really close. The room, although facing the water and a busy street, was quiet and clean! The bed was very comfortable and he bathroom had a great size.The breakfast was very good and open early, a good start to the day with lots of different choices. If there's one negative at all, it's the availability of parking, the hotel doesn't seem to have a parking lot, the public parking is available but very expensive (we paid $36) for one night. (although there might have been a surcharge because the Sounders had a game that night). Being located so close to the stadiums and downtown, this hotel will be my choice from now on for every trip to Seattle in the future! To all staff: Thank you very much for making us feel welcome! We'll be back!",
 u"We stayed at the Best Western Pioneer Square for two nights at the end of our Seattle trip (we stayed with friends for the first half). It was great! The room was big enough for the two of us, the bed was incredibly comfortable, and the bathroom was clean and fairly spacious, as well as restocked each day. I liked the old charm of this historic building. The free breakfast was basic, but was plenty for us (cereal, fruit, and waffles, if you wanted). Since we did the Underground Tour on our first day in Seattle, we were acquainted with the Pioneer Square area, and getting around was not a problem. During our stay at the Best Western, we walked to Columbia Tower, Seattle Aquarium, and Pike Place. We managed to take the bus to the Space Needle without issue as well - the bus stop is a block away. We took a taxi back from the Space Needle ($8-9 with tip), and noticed the fare to SeaTac was $32. Instead, we took the light rail from the Pioneer Square Station to SeaTac, which is three blocks (albeit uphill) from the hotel for a cheeeeeeeap $2.75. Just be sure to allow 40 minutes or so for the ride if you choose the light rail. Also, if you're looking for a great sandwich, my husband and I highly recommend Delicatus, which is a block up from the hotel on 1st Ave. I am still fantasizing about their Pav Diablo sandwich, yum. If you sleep late or want a second breakfast, Planet Java is one block over from the hotel on South Washington - we had a decent brunch there, eggs, turkey sausage and waffles. Nothing extraordinary, but tasty and filling. Overall, I highly recommend this hotel. Excellent value, pleasant staff, very clean, great location.",
 u"On a road trip from San Diego to Seattle, we found the best hotel last! Stayed here for two nights and would recommend it to anyone. The hotel itself is lovely and historic but updated in all the right places. The location can't be beat. It is a block from the piers for dinner and ferry rides and at the edge of the historic district for walking around old Seattle. The staff is very pleasant and uber helpful. Beds were comfy. We had a king at the front of the hotel overlooking Yesler. The room was small but the location and the price more than made up for it. Walked everywhere from here and found a few pubs serving local brews. Definitely worth it!",
 u"very nice historic hotel. nice free breakfast, good location, we walked to pike market, city center and other attractions. great deli nearby, Tat's. we also enjoyed Owl & Thissal Pub. we took a limo to cruise termianal 91, it arrived promptly and was reasonable. the hotel's bell man was very helpful. we would stay here again if they offer a good rate again.",
 u"We stayed at the BW in Pioneer Sq for 2 nights. This hotel is old but very clean, all of the wood, and decor is warming & charming. The staff is genuine & friendly. The atmosphere is calm and allows you to go slow and enjoy. Even the elevator is on it's own time line. The location is perfect to downtown with easy access to all areas of interest. The continental breakfast is excellent!. Really a good place to stay with good value.",
 u'Stayed two night at the end of August 2011. It an easy walk to Pikes Place Market, CenturyLink and Safeco stadiums, and the warf, The breakfast was good. Very friendly front desk staff.',
 u'We stayed for 2 nights at the Great Western Pioneer Square Hotel. We enjoyed our stay and found the hotel very comfortable, convenient and the staff extremely helpful. I was originally worried about noise being downtown, however, room 419 on the front of the hotel, was an excellent choice and was quiet, extremely clean, well serviced and very comfortable. The continental breakfast included with the rate was good - cereals, boiled eggs, pastries, toast, jams, good coffee, juice and you could make a fresh waffle too - more than enough to get you going for a day. The underground tour runs from Pioneer Square a block away. It is a very interesting tour, lots of humour, worth doing. We liked being in the historic part of town - walked down First Avenue to Pike Market and the main town shopping centre. The train/light rail is only a few blocks walk from the hotel though, and you can catch this to the city or a suburban mall if you have time. We walked to the station with our luggage and caught the light rail to Seatac airport and at $2.75 a person this was a great value deal in saving on cab fare. The hotel overall and the great helpful staff exceeded our expectations.',
 u"Very friendly and helpful staff, good complimentary breakfast. Rooms were decent-sized and comfortable. It looked like it was remodeled within the last 5 years. It is only 1.5 blocks from the Metro station, so it was convenient getting from and to Sea-Tac airport. It is located in the historic section of Seattle. The only negatives are that about 3 blocks away are the shelters and missions for the homeless. The walls of the hotel are a little thin; we didn't hear people talking, but did hear the plumbing whenever a nearby toilet was flushed or shower turned on. The hotel is about a block away from an elevated highway, so it was a little noisy during the weekday mornings. Otherwise, the hotel was a great place to stay and a pretty good value. Within walking distance to Pike's Market, Seattle Center (less than 2 mi), and Chinatown.",
 u"We booked the 4 night package prior to joining a cruise, we had stayed in Seattle before in a hotel with a room that was no bigger than a shoe box. This was not the case with this hotel, the room was large, light and airy and the bathroom had a very unusual shower that also doubled as a bath. The first impression of the hotel was not that good, there is a lot of dark wood panelling in reception and the lighting is a bit gloomy, however check in was both speedy and friendly, with the welcome news that the hotel had free wifi. The breakfast which is included in the room rate is good, always great to make your own waffles. The down side of the breakfast room is that it can be a bit cramped when busy and I'm afraid some guests have been quite careless and spilled things on the floor and stained the carpet - it really could do with a good shampoo just to tidy it up. The hotel is in a perfect location, near to the water front, so handy for ferries. For a bargain rate of just $2.75 you can take the light railway from the airport and the walk the block and a half to the hotel. Would definitely stay here again, also plenty of good eating places in walking distance.",
 u"Great old hotel close to Pioneer Square. Minutes from the Transit Tunnel and the port. And no steep climb to get home! We'll be back!",
 u'Super clean, large rooms~beautiful stairways and halls...also very clean. Front desk staff friendly and helpful. Cleaning staff friendly and pleasant. Welcome bag...cookies, water, and snacks...nice touch. Breakfast...excellent. We enjoyed the location of the hotel--close to the market and lots of touristy attractions. Loved all the patio pubs, cafes, and restaurants. I would definatley stay here again!',
 u'Very nice helpful staff. Welcome bag with cookies and bottled water was a nice surprise. Easy walk from Amtrack station. Interesting (in a "homeless" way) locale. Close to touristy shops and cafes with short walk to Pike\'s Market. Breakfast offered danish, waffles, coffee. Clean upgraded rooms. Would stay again.',
 u"After reading this hotel's website as well as many of the online reviews, I found myself unable to find much information about its complementary breakfast. Would it be a stale bagel and a cup of coffee ....... or a more complete breakfast with biscuits and gravy, scrambled eggs, etc........... or what? My husband and I stayed here for one night before a trip on Amtrak, and for those of you who would like to know what you'll get for breakfast, here's what we found: waffles with whipped cream, strawberries, and syrup, Kelloggs boxed cereals, bananas, apples, oranges, packaged fruit cups, yogurt, orange juice, apple juice, bread/toast/bagels/sweet rolls/ muffins, hard boiled eggs, coffee, Bigelow teas, and milk. Our room was not large, but was clean and well appointed. The staff was friendly and helpful. We were very satisfied with our stay, and would not hesitate to stay here again if we wanted to be in this vicinity. We certainly felt that the breakfast was adequate for most folks.",
 u'Stayed there on the 16 of August . Great location to stay if going to Safeco field only a 10 minute walk. Ate at Jimmies on 1st upon a recomandaiton from the desk clerk. Great meal. The rooms were clean as was the hotel. Morning breakfast was good nice to use real plates and forks not plastic as most places use. 20$ to park your car. I would stay here again next year when I take the family to the ball games.',
 u'We stayed at the Pioneer Square Best Western when we visited Seattle to watch a baseball game. The location was perfect, about a 10-15 minute walk to ball park. Lots of restaurants close by and a grocery store. The staff was very friendly and helpful and the breakfast was good (waffles, bagel, cereal, yogurt, juice, apples). Some shady looking people around area but they left us alone. Will definately go back next time I go to a ball game in Seattle.',
 u'Four nights at this Hotel was an eye-opener to how we would like to be treated at other facilities. Every person at the front desk knew the places to visit, eat and those not necessary to see. The FREE breakfast was beyond abundant...the staff in the breakfast room was extremely attentive and friendly as were the persons at the front desk...Our room (417) was clean + quiet. The beds were comfortable, although the pillows were not to our liking...We would highly recommend this hotel...HF',
 u'We flew into Seattle to spend the night before our planned vacation to Victoria, Vancouver Island and San Francisco. This hotel is so convenient and the staff is very welcoming. From SEA/TAC airport we took light rail to Pioneer Square which arrived 1-1/2 blocks from the hotel. We literally walked down the street from the exit, turned right on Yessler Way and the hotel was about 3/4 a block down on the left. Our room was spacious, very, very clean and the breakfast the next morning was Continental along with waffles. We walked to the Space Needle for dinner and rode public transportation back - really easy. The next morning, the Victoria Clipper, Pier 65, to Victoria was just 1 mile from the hotel. On returning to Seattle from Victoria, we stayed a 2nd time at the Best Western (great, clean accommodations again) and took Amtrak the next morning (0.3 miles from the hotel) to San Francisco. We would definitely go back to the Best Western on a return trip to Seattle.',
 u'We recieved worse than poor service at another hotel. We were crushed. This was our honeymoon and we needed a room fast! The staff at Best Western Pioneer Square came to our rescue. Kai showed us a room that fit us perfectly. We were able to walk-in to a room that was far better than the "luxurious" hotel that thwarted us just the night before. Not only did we secure a charming room, warm smiles and a caring staff, but they also gave us dinner reccomendations that was far better than the nearest pizza hut. Best Western- thank you. You have made us believers and truly know what CUSTOMER SERVICE is.',
 u'Great location if you are planning to go to a Mariners or Seahawks game, within walking distance. Also the Underground tour is close by. Hotel staff was very friendly. Beautiful character hotel, originally buildt in 1914, and has been beautifully restored.',
 u"My spouse & I have stayed @ many Best Westerns, this one is over the top when it comes to customer service. I had left my Sturgis 2010 hoodie in armor. Long story short, they mailed it back to me in Canada...at THEIR cost! I was grateful that they found it, as a lot of hotels would just say the item isn't there. When it showed up in the mail I was even happier we had chosen this hotel. The location is the best if wanting to walk Pier 57 or old Pioneer Square. Check out the glass blowing a block away!",
 u"We stayed here for two nights before departing from Pier 66 on a cruise. We were a group with four generations (Grandmother, my Inlaws, Dh/myself and our 1yr old DD). We took a shuttle from the airport but could have easily taken the light rail for $2.75 had we not had our 84 yo grandmother. The hotel was perfectly located to walk to lots of restaurants, bars, the Underground tour, Pike's Place Market, the Space Needle if you are adventurous, an easy 4 minute walk to the light rail, and best of all it's right on the water and easy to walk all the great seafood restaurants and the Pier. Every room was a little different, we had four and they were all shaped different with different coffee pots (in-laws had a Keurig, Grandmother had a balcony) and the morning breakfast was really nice, fresh waffles, bagels, muffins, cereal, fruit, water, coffee and juice. I definitely plan to stay here for our next trip to Seattle (which will happen now that I fell in love with the city!)",
 u'We spent 3 days in Seattle in this hotel, walking distance to the Market, the ferries, and all the waterfront, very close to all transportation including to the airport. Friendly staff, comfortable, affordable, and quiet. Go to the Italian restaurant two doors down, excellent food, reasonable, good atmosphere. We ate at the Fishermans on the water, wonderful bread and spectacular view. Take the ferry to Bainbridge and the boat tour of the locks.',
 u'We came in to town on the Sunday after a terrible trip up the I-5. The traffic from Oregon to Seattle was BAD! It was one of the first nice days of the summer and everyone was out. It took us 12 hours to get to Seattle from Florence. So We were tired and grumpy. .... But when we got to The Bestwestern Pioneer Square we were in for a delight. The room was wonderful, so well appointed. King size bed was comfy ! Great area very central. We were given tickets for free appy at an Irish Pub down the street. Took advantage of that and we were very happy with the food and Beer selection. The Pub was called Fado. I would like to keep this hotel "Our little secret" So don\'t tell anyone!',
 u'Pioneer square hotel was in a good location. The staff were very friendly and the hotel was clean and comfortable. The hotel is close to restauants and pubs and it is a good walk to the main CBD public transport is available however it is an easy walk and an easy town to navigate. The room was very comfortable and homely it had all the necessities such as wifi and tv. The bed was very comfortable. The bathroom was fresh and clean and serviced daily. The building is an old building but very well preserved and presented. Breakfast was available daily with a wide selection of food and beverage. Shutttles can be organised by reception and this was very prompt and helpful.',
 u"Stayed at this hotel this past weekend: great location, away from a lot of the downtown noise, yet close enough to walk to Pike Place Market and Safeco Field for Mariner's games. This hotel is a restored classic hotel, a nice change of pace from typical 'cookie-cutter' hotels. The staff was VERY friendly, happy to help with directions, suggestions, etc. Complimentary breakfast great for families.",
 u'We just stayed 1 night, between train trips. Great location - we actually walked - pulled our rolling luggage from the Amtrak Stn and saved on cab fare. (maybe be a hassle with big, heavy bags though). The front desk staff gave us discount card for local Irish pub when we asked for late night eating options, which we used and appreciated. The complimentary breakfast was a nice spread. The building had lots of character and historical photos and info which I found interesting. King bed room had high ceilings, felt spacious, free Wifi.',
 u'i was going to make my reservation in one big chain, hotel during my trip to seattle to board a cruise to alaska. but something happened and all rooms in big hotels were gone. i went to internet and found this really nice hotel inside a historical building built by one of the man who inflenced in the development os seattle, in the middle of everything at walking distance. meny things to do around. history and very friendly people. worth it.',
 u'I stayed at the Best Western Pioneer Square for 3 days (4 nights). I found the hotel to be a very good combination of location, amenities and price. I arrived at the Sea-Tac airport and walked to the light rail station that is adjacent to the huge parking garage by Terminal D. After a 30 minute ride, I got off at the Pioneer Square station and walked the remaining 3 blocks to the hotel. Very cool. My single room was ready at 3pm as promised. Located on the 4th (top) floor, I discovered the room faced the adjacent double decked expressway that goes along the waterfront. However the double paned windows did an excellent job of keeping out the noise from the traffic. The room was good sized and more that sufficient for just me. The daily service to replenish the towels and make the bed was excellent and not obtrusive. The breakfast - included in the room cost - was extensive including just about everything except eggs and bacon. When I checked out, I simply walked to the light rail station (I got there at 6:45am - with no problems) and within 1.25 hours of walking out of the hotel, I was sitting in the departure lounge for my flight home. Again - the light rail worked like a charm. I found the location to be terrific. Pioneer Square is interesting and has a bunch of history. Or I walked down 1st street - past the Seattle Art Museum (OK but not great) - on to the Pike Street Market (about 15 minutes walk - and absolutely terrific) and all the great restaurants nearby. Alternatively I could walk 1 block to Alaskan Way - the street that borders the waterfront, - and sight see down the waterfront at all the seafood restaurants, cruise excursions and Seattle Aquarium (terrific) located on that street. As for the Pioneer Square neighborhood - I never felt uncomfortable during the day or night as I was wandering around. I paid for my stay in advance without the possibility of any refund. A gamble that worked out for me and got me an average daily room price of about $140. Free wi-fi is available and worked great. Bottom line: a very attractive combination of good hotel, great location, at a terrific price.',
 u'The hotel is a nice historical hotel in Pioneer Square neighborhood of Seattle. Room size was large and bed was comfortable. Continental breakfast had plenty of options and I loved the waffles. One minor qualm was the free wireless internet access available from the room was limited by number of connections, and 50% of the time I received "Number of connections already reached. Try again later." Since I was on vacation and need to spend less time online anyway, this was not a big deal to me. If you NEED internet, keep this in mind. Staff was friendly. I had read comments elsewhere about Pioneer Square being where the hoodlums hang out. Between the hotel and the downtown attractions, I did not notice this. Head toward the stadiums down Occidental and you may encounter several. Hotel was great for our vacation stay and the price was half of what I would have paid elsewhere downtown.',
 u'I forgot to add in our last review,and feel very important,that we took the light rail system from Sea-Tac airport for $2.50 a person within a couple easy walking blocks of the Best Western Pioneer Square Hotel. The light rail system was very clean and a pleasant 30 minute ride for $2.50! Took towncar from hotel to cruise terminal for $20. All worked great.',
 u'If you appreciate history, wonderful architecture and exceptional service, this is the place to stay in Seattle. You are located in the free bus zone with a stop right outside the door. This bus will take you around all the greatest sites in the Pioneer Square area - including "the market". You will find yourself within walking distance of wonderful restaurants as well as activities like the Underground Tour. The Hotel has retained all of the good things from the past (10 foot ceilings and room layouts) and has upgraded where you want it to be ie the bathroom is totally modern as are the beds etc. The breakfast offered in the morning is very good also.',
 u"My son and I spent 3 nights here to see the sights and take in some Mariner's games. We found the Pioneer Square area ideal, with a definite historical feel. It was an easy walk to the ballpark and the Seattle Center. The Air Museum and Underground Tour were both worth seeing. We used a city bus to get to the Air Museum and found the bus drivers very friendly and helpful. Our room was spacious and clean. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful with all our questions. The free continental breakfast was much more than the usual rolls and cereal including a great staff to keep things replenished and clean. I highly recommend staying here.",
 u"This is a historical building located perfectly in Pioneer Square. The rooms are indeed small, however they are furnished accordingly and they exude lots of charm. Our room was spiffy and clean. The TV is dated, however we didn't come here to watch television, so it was OK. We parkeed our full size pickup in the parkinf garage 2 blocks away, and this may sound inconvienent, it was not. The cost was 20 bucks a day, with in and out privelidges. We really liked the location, close to Pikes and the waterfront, and of course all the history of the area in general. The Under ground tour was close by, as was the public transportation system to get to the Monorail and Space Needle. The staff here is more than friendly, everyone was anxious to help and give advice, we would stay here again without a doubt.",
 u"Great value hotel with very friendly and helpful staff. Also a great location, where I was only in Seattle for the one night and didn't need to travel far to squeeze in so much. Breakfast was good if you like waffles, not so great with for eggs. Overall very happy.",
 u'Great hotel, great service,very nice breakfast, the rooms are beautiful, love the charm and character of the building and neighborhood. Close to Pike Street Market. lots of things to see in Pioneer Square. Would stay there again. Thanks everyone at the hotel, we had a great time in Seattle!!!',
 u'Good -Good location. A block form the water and ferries, close to downtown Within walking distance from restaurants. A 15 minute walk to Pike Place. -Helpful and friendly staff. -Large clean rooms. -Starbucks around the corner. -Free Wifi Bad -A few homeless around but fairly safe at night.',
 u'My father and I stayed at this place during a weekend trip to Seattle. Both of rooms were well appointed and comfortable and service is very friendly. The rooms are very old-school, but it does add to the charm of the place. They serve a very good continental breakfast in the morning wit waffles, fruit, pastries, cereal, and bage. Location is excellent with the LINK train to the airport only a couple of blocks away and downtown within easy walking distance. One small service issue that I had, on 2 of the three mornings, I requested wake-up calls. I did not get the call the first morning and it was 1/2 late the second morning. I was in Seattle on leisure, and only had the calls so that I would not sleep the day away. Ultimately, not a big deal, but under different circumstances, it could have been a big issue. All in all, an enjoyable stay.',
 u'I stayed in the Pioneer Square Hotel for 5 nights last week. When i arrived, i was warmly greeted by "Randy" who could not do enough to welcome me. He was so pleasant, it was a great first impression. I stayed on the 2nd Floor towards the back of the hotel. The room was very spacious and had all the amenities you would expect from a really good hotel, flat screen tv, iron, free wi-fi, coffee maker, desk and a very comfortable king bed. Maid service was good, and although i can be messy, the room was as good as new every time i came back after a day out around Seattle. The free continental breakfast was great also, and filled me up for the rest of the day. Particularly, the waffle making machine meant i could have a tasty hot waffle and maple syrup every morning, FAB. Location wise, you cannot get much better. It is close to funky jazz clubs, bars and restaurants. It is also really close to the waterfront and harbour cruises. There is also a bar next door and an Italian restaurant on the corner. It is also close to the baseball and football fields. I went to see the Seattle Mariners and had a great night with only a short walk back. Great hotel for the price. So glad i booked this hotel instead of splashing out double the price on something which could not deliver any more. Great place to see Seattle from.',
 u"I had to stay in Seattle for a length of time. My father had been murdered and we had to go to trial. I stayed at this hotel for at least a total of 8 weeks between Nov 2010 through March of 2011. I can't say enough good things about this hotel and it's staff! Some of the rooms are a little small but this is a historical building. They do have larger rooms and they are great. I just wish they had a hot tub so I could relax after a long day at court! I loved the fact that each day I got a hello when I came in and a good luck when I left! They always made me feel like family! I must admit I love the fact that I get a knock on my door to find out if I need extra towels at the end of the day. Nice touch! The staff was always willing to help me! Never did I ever get anything but OUTSTANDING customer service. I am the owner of a small business and if I had staff like this my business would go crazy! I know all of the names of the front desk and each of them deserves a raise/bounes for all of the care and attention I and my family was given. A giant thank you to all of the staff form the front desk to the housekeeping! When we got the guilty verdict for the person that killed my father I could not wait to go back to the hotel and let them all know. It was like going home!",
 u'I was on a "leisure trip" while my husband was on business. We specifically picked this property due to its proximity to Route 99--to get me where I wanted to go and to get him to his conference at Pier 66--and the perceived charm of the old Seattle area. But I won\'t say that it was a quick decision. Someone had posted a concern on this site about the homeless and noise of the area, which caused us to think long and hard before keeping this reservation out of safety concerns. We are both glad we stuck with it in the end and I\'ll explain more here if you wish to read it. First of all, we were right about the ease of getting around. Walking through Pioneer Square was a lot of fun. We found a great antiques shop, a diner with wonderfully fresh battered cod, and took the Underground Walking Tour. We used the Route 99 bus (temporary replacement for the Waterfront Trolley) repeatedly--to go shopping, to head to Chinatown, to go to the fish market, and to the waterfront. It stops right in right of the hotel for one direction, and within a short block walk for the other. Second, the customer service of this property was phenomenal. They were friendly and helpful in every way possible. If nothing else, that makes this property quite unique. Add that to the charm of the building and this was the nicest Best Western I\'ve stayed in. Now, as to the homeless. Sad that there are people who have to live like that, and Seattle does seem to have their fair share. But contrary to what I had read, they are not dangerous, nor do they harass you on every corner. I think I saw maybe 3 or 4 actually begging to money in some way; the rest are just trying to get through life as pleasantly as possible. As to safety: While the latest we were out walking in the area was around 8:30 pm, I did not feel unsafe. I even ended up walking past the men\'s homeless shelter by myself one evening around 6pm and was pleasantly surprised to find that not a soul bothered me or even tried to approach me. As to the "noise", supposedly there is the traffic from the freeway on one side and bars on another. We requested a quiet room and was provided one on the interior of the hotel, so we heard none of that, if in fact it is as bad as someone writes. One more bonus--this hotel is less than 3 blocks from the entrance to the light rail/underground tunnel bus access. Straight to Macy\'s to shop on any bus in the free zone; and straight to SeaTac airport for only $2.50 per person on light rail.',
 u'Location was great. Close to the light rail (taken from the airport). Many good ethnic restaurants in immediate area. Turning left from the front door, you are about 200 yards from the dock of one of the ferries. I asked for a quiet room, and my interior room was extremely quiet. Breakfast was well above-average, good coffee, hard boiled eggs, cereal, etc. Thank you. Oh, the feel of Yesler Way neighborhood did not bother me. It originally was the "skid row" (logging) and is quite worn. Yes, you will see some street people, but I just smile and walk on by.',
 u'My husband and I stayed 3 nights and enjoyed meeting the staff, was offered free umbrellas each day and the breakfast was outstanding! Definitely coming back.',
 u'I was looking for a relatively central, clean place to stay in Seattle with my 8-year-old son as a base for forays to the Woodland Park Zoo and the Boeing Field museum. This hotel fit the bill perfectly, and at $88 per night through dhr.com the price was fantastic compared to other options. The building is older, but has been splendidly updated and we wanted for nothing. Breakfast was perfectly acceptable and included; only gourmet snobs and greedy gluttons could complain! Parking is limited and the garage is a block away, but the system works very well. If there are no more parking spots left, there is an open lot across the street at $13 overnight. Pioneer Square is ever so slightly rough around the edges, but we felt perfectly safe. This is now my go-to hotel for Seattle visits!!',
 u"This hotel was excellent. The price was right (less than $100/night), and the service was excellent. The breakfast was impressive. I'd stay here again.",
 u"I had a large, clean room located in the middle of the hotel. It overlooked a tiny courtyard so there was no view but at least there was no street noise whatsoever. The bed was comfortable and it was great to have free local calls and free internet (not wireless). The free continental breakfast was very nice and the front desk staff were very professional. I opted to stay here because of the above and their no pets and no smoking policies. The only negative point I have is that the only heat source in the room was a very noisy window mounted fan. I had to turn it off during the night as there is no way I would have been able to sleep with it on. Do not be put off staying here because of the location. I felt safer in Pioneer Square than parts of downtown (2nd, 3rd & 4th Ave street corners for example). I would not have a problem staying here again but think I'll opt for somewhere a bit more modern.",
 u'The staff was courteous, friendly and helpful. The room was clean, decorated in a style fitting with historic restoration but not too fussy. Location was fabulous for us - it was sunny the 2 days we were in Seattle and we walked everywhere we needed to go: Pike\'s Place Market, ferry to Bainbridge Island, wonderful food just around the corner. We could have taken the bus in the downtown "free zone" to any of those places had it been raining. The light rail station was less than 2 blocks - so fare to the city from SeaTac was $2.50 per person each way. First night there was someone talking in the hall (near our room) as soon as we called the front desk someone came and asked him to move - which he did. Weather was cold and halls were kept cool, but our room was toasty warm. We\'re looking forward to staying there again.',
 u'Stayed here based on TripAdvisor comments, which were mostly right-on. The most significant for us were: 1) Location within walking distance of the Amtrak King St. Station, Pioneer Square, and the free bus line (#99) which accesses everything from Belltown to Chinatown. Ferry terminal and stadiums are also nearby. 2) A room that was large, quiet, and very clean. We asked for and were given a quiet, interior room. Many exterior rooms face the Highway 99 Viaduct or the street, so they are probably a bit noisy. 3) Staff that was helpful and friendly, with no exceptions. 4) A fair price. In summary: A great place to enjoy the city without a car.',
 u"The Best Western Pioneer Square is a rather old building that shows some signs of its age on the exterior, and it has a couple of rather gloomy-looking alleyways beside it, but don't let any of that put you off. The inside has been 100% rennovated, and is more than adequate for a hotel stay. The room rates are much lower than some of the larger hotels just a few blocks away, and the furnishings and staff were quite good. The room had fixtures that looked brand new, and the bathroom and furniture were very clean and comfortable. The staff was uniformly friendly and helpful with every request. The hotel may not have had a large number of guests during the time of my stay, but whether that was the reason or not, it was one of the quietest rooms ever experienced in a hotel. Made for a very good night's sleep.I would have no hesitation about staying there again, and the lower price is just an added incentive.",
 u'This was our first trip to Seattle and we were amazed at how nice and attentive the staff was at this hotel. Everyone was very friendly. We arrived early, so our room was not ready, but the staff checked us in and stored our bags for us. They gave us maps of Seattle and showed us how to get to Pike Place. They invited us to have some complementary breakfast too. Its a quick walk to Pike Place Market from the Hotel. After walking around, we headed back to the hotel with our room ready and were very happy with the size and cleanliness of the room. Our flight was very early morning and the staff on duty even made the effort to get us some breakfast even though they were not open yet. They also arranged our transportation to the Airport.',
 u'I got three nights of sound sleep in the comfortable bed & even better pillows provided to guests at the Best Western Pioneer Hotel. The decor in the oversized rooms was lovely, & the included breakfast convenient. The hotel is located just a block from the Underground Tour & the wharf ferry boats. However, the best part of the visit was the helpful & friendly staff.',
 u"i tried to be my own trip planner. needless to say, i wasn't too good at it. i was a day early, but greatly appreciated them for accommodating me. this place is right by the ferries which was where i meet up the the other geo-caching person. we had a great time at the event and just roaming around the downtown area. it's also within waking distance of Amtrak (so i was told- but was too dead from walking already -13miles+). i did not know what a boutique hotel was till then. i thought Victorian, how absolutely lovely!",
 u'This is the first and only place we have ever stayed where the staff came door to door in the evening asking if we needed more clean fresh towels or blankets. The continental breakfast was outstanding. This is in an actual coffee shop. Continuously staffed and on top of things like an empty coffee pot or need for additional cut strawberries, etc. Would definitely stay again.',
 u'We came to Seattle to see the Picasso exhibit at the Seattle Art Museum. While parking is not onsite; there is parking located in a parking garage about 2 blocks away at $20 per night. We did find that the hotel\'s location was such we were able to walk to the museum...about 3 or 4 blocks away. The hotel is also located within the "free bus" section of the city so that if we had wanted to go to any of the many attractions that downtown Seattle has to offer, it would have been very easy for us to do so. The waterfront is also within walking distance...about a block away. The hotel is a small, boutique style hotel and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The king bed was very comfortable and while our room was on the small side, our friends\' room across the hall was much larger although their room had a very odd-sized square tub that was quite awkward while the tub in our room was "normal" sized. Diversity in rooms, I guess you could say. The hotel provides a complimentary breakfast with waffle machine, yogurt, various cereals and fruits, etc. The hotel does not have an in-house fitness center but daily passes for the Xplore Fitness Club are available at the front desk for a per day fee. Located just a couple of blocks from the hotel, it comes complete with all the up-to-date weight, free motion equipment and over 20 different kinds of cardio machines. This wasn\'t an amenity that we took advantage of so can\'t speak to it. While there isn\'t an in-house restaurant, there is a restaurant next door to the hotel which will provide limited room service should you wish it. We appreciated the free high speed internet as well as the free local phone calls. This was a hotel where we did NOT feel they were out to gouge us for every cent possible unlike other higher-priced hotels we have stayed at. The staff of the hotel were all outstanding! They all were very friendly and helpful and went beyond our expectations. They all seemed very sincere in their desire to ensure any of our questions were more than adequately answered. I can\'t remember any recent stay in any hotel where I was so impressed with everyone on the staff of the hotel as I was with the staff of the Pioneer Square Best Western! The hotel was very quiet until about 5 am when the garbage trucks began their pick-up. I was having trouble sleeping so found the noise disconcerting. However, our friends were sleeping soundly and the trucks did not disturb them. This, of course, is not an issue within the hotel\'s control. Other than this, there did not seem to be any street noise during the night. We really enjoyed our stay and would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting good value in Seattle.',
 u"This is a great hotel for the price - I only paied $90 a night - that was the AAA rate. There is a good cable selection, free wi-fi or lobby computer use, breakfast is good. I think the bagles are local and fresh. We did have a small room, but it fit our needs. There is city noise, and lights. But, the blinds block out most of it/ The hotel is located in an old building. So, you can hear others' noises. The showers in others rooms in the morning can be heard - if that bothers you ( it woke me up) but ..... that's the only downside. I can look it over. High celings, cute rooms, good staff. ( printed me out bus times, with directions) you'll like it ----",
 u'Spent three nights in this wonderful historic hotell. Has been upgraded with taste. My wife and I positively loved the place. Great service from all the employees. Fantastic breakfasts. Close to about anything you would want to do, see, eat,etc. We highly reccomend. We definitely give it 5 stars!',
 u"The wife and I spent two glorious nights at this hotel. This is an old building/hotel but it has been beautifully remodeled and refurbished. Our room was huge. The bed was firm, the bathroom was very large and was well furnished with soap, shampoo/conditioner, very large and soft towels-everything was perfect. We both slept very well and we never heard a sound from beyond the room. In the morning, the continental breakfast was very nice. Cereal, hardboiled eggs, waffles, muffins, and the coffee was Seattle's Best. Very, very nice. Since we arrived by train, we were without a vehicle. However, outside the hotel entrance, a free bus is available for the ride to the boardwalk. One block to the Pioneer Square and we caught a free bus to the Pike Place Market. Throughout our stay, the employees at this hotel were always courteous and very helpful. Go there and enjoy a beautiful stay.",
 u'All the service people very helpful and friendly! The breakfasts had a good assortment of items to get you off for the day. The rooms were very spacious and the bed was super comfortable. Was a great memory for our first trip to Seattle.',
 u'If you want to explore Seattle\'s Pioneer Square district, there\'s no better hotel to do it from than the Best Western Pioneer Square located at the heart of this neighborhood. It\'s right across the street from the Seattle Underground tour (recommended!) and near restaurants and other amenities. This is a a small, old character hotel though, so you have to be prepared for what comes with that - a slow elevator, no fitness room or pool, no onsite dining other than the breakfast bar, minimal meeting or business facilities. This is not hotel to stay at on business or bring small children to. It reminds me of similar boutique hotels in San Francisco\'s Union Square, but quieter at night and with fewer other attractions nearby. The front desk staff at the B/W Pioneer Square are top notch. Very friendly and accommodating. Returning there after a day of knocking around, you really felt like you were coming home. The staff next door at the breakfast bar were less warm, but not obnoxiously so. The quest rooms are larger than you\'d think in such an old property. This generosity of proportion does not extend to the bathrooms however, which are quite dinky. The room decor is in definite need of updating - you have mismatched bed and window coverings, both of which appear to date from the 80\'s, on top of old carpet. Our room was quite long, with perhaps eight feet of empty floor between the bed and and armoire in which perched a 26" CRT television. You practically needed opera glasses to watch it. Updating the rooms and in-room amenities would greatly improve the property. These are minor complaints, and on the whole we really enjoyed our stay.',
 u'We checked in on a busy Sunday; NFL football was about to kick off and the hotel had been full the night before. We were assured our room by 3 PM and true to their word, our deluxe room was a pleasant surprise. For an old hotel, the room was better than expected. It was large and brightly appointed with clean, modern carpeting and nice furniture. The beds were comfortable and the lighting good. The bathroom is stocked with high end Neutrogena toiletries. The TV is old and the picture a tad fuzzy. Let\xe2\u20ac\u2122s hope new flat screens are on the way. Parking is at the Butler Garage, a 12 story parkade located a block and a half from the hotel. Not bad considering the age and location of the hotel. Our room was quiet, even though it faced the main street. We slept well. If you have many electronic gadgets which may need charging, bring a power bar as electrical outlets are scarce. Other TripAdvisor reviews of poor internet service proved true. It was intermittent at best. We called the 1-800 service and received little help. We were on vacation, so not such a big deal but a business traveller may not share our sense of charity. The gentleman who checked us out was genuinely concerned and promised to follow up with their provider. The breakfast room has about 12 small clothed tables and the food is excellent.',
 u'We loved the old heritage style of the hotel. The rooms were big and comfortable.(Despite the pink bedspread and floral curtains!)The front desk staff were knowledgeable and friendly. The only negative was the breakfast staff, the two women appeared bored and disinterested and acted as if we were an infringement on their day. We enjoyed our stay and would return again. We also dined at the Italian restaurant right next door and enjoyed the atmosphere, service and authentic style food.',
 u'This hotel reminded me of the elegant Fairmont heritage hotel in Victoria, BC only with a French balcony.While the outside looks turn of the century the interior is immaculate with all the modern convieniences including a massage shower. Unfortunately no pool or jacuzzi. Free continental cold breakfast where I made myself hot waffles. We asked for a fridge and one was delivered to our room in minutes. There is a grocery store 2 blocks from the hotel and a Market Place IGA 2 blocks from Pikes\' Place. Next door is a spa/salon in case your feet need pampering after walking 3 blocks to Pike\'s Place where yes, they acutally do throw fish and sells Market Spice tea. There are 3 floors of boutiques beneath the food sellers. It\'s 2 block to the Art Museum. If you haven\'t been to Seattle take the underground tour located across the street and have fun while you learn the history of Seattle. We walked 1 block from the hotel down to Alaska way, the street that stretched accross the waterfront (Pier 50) and walked to Ivar\'s where the best (white) clam chowder in the world is served. Try the fish and chips with a cup of clam chower both use the same receipe from 1938 when the restaurant opened. The hotel provides maps This hotel is located in the "free bus" area.The next day we took the bus outside the hotel door and after a tour of the International District headed down Alaska way to to pier 91 where our Holland America ship awaited. I would return to this hotel in a heartbeat.',
 u'This hotel is not going to impress you if you only stay at 5-star hotels, but it is very clean, and the staff work hard to give you a great experience. The complimentary breakfast is quite good, and the location makes most of downtown very convenient for walking or riding public transit. If you absolutely must have wi-fi in your room, you might want to consider elsewhere. I was never able to use the Internet on any device from my room, and others I spoke to had the same experience. Most public spots in the hotel had perfectly fine wi-fi, and it is free, and reasonably fast.',
 u'We just stayed and enjoyed this "heritage" hotel! When we walked through the front door, we were very impressed with renovated decor that was kept for the period. Even though the room was an economy - it didn\'t feel like it. Very nicely decorated, very clean! The staff were very helpful. Included continental breakfast. Great location and we could walk everywhere - within 1 block to the waterfront, 4-5 blocks to Pikes Place Market and 5-6 blocks to Safeco Field & Qwest Field. Nice job Best Western!',
 u"My girlfriend and I stayed at the BW Pioneer Square from the 7th of September until the 10th. We found the hotel to be an older style hotel, but to be expected as it had been around longer than anyone who knows how to use a computer and is reading this! The hotel was clean inisde however... our room was almost flawless. Room was a simple king bed room. Very clean, the TV worked and had good color. Shower, toilet and sink were all clean, as well the wi-fi worked great, so I wrote many reviews on local sight's from there in the late evening! The area around the hotel is quite nice, even during the night. The earlier reviews said it was 'sketchy'. I did not find this, however my partner did. I don't think women would be in danger in this area at night however, as the vagrants of the area seem to be quite pleasant, and ask for change sometimes, but always quietly, not agressively. Underground tour is within a stones throw, as well as a starbucks not even a block away and many restaurants in the area. Hope this helps you, and enjoy!",
 u"We booked on the Internet for a queen small room and by morning we found the room was much too small...so I talked to the desk and they upgraded us to a wonderful larger room with a small iron patio...it was great. The building retains it's old character but provides modern comfort. The staff are fantastic. The location is a stones throw from the Underground tour in Pioneer square and an wasy walk to Pikes Market and other attractions. There are many great eating spots nearby including a very good Italian restaurant right next door. The breakfast was very good with a great view of the street outside. Overall it reminded me of my stay in the Best Western Eiffel Tower in Paris. The parking is a block up the street and secure but be prepared to pay $20 per 24 hr period. I will stay here everytime I return to Seattle.",
 u'Needed a place to stay close to Pioneer Square for business, and this hotel was recommended. Staff was knowledgeable, upbeat and accommodating. Room was unusually shaped, but space was adequate, and I liked the quaint feeling. The breakfast included was usual for this chain, so the only complaint I had was that the room was somewhat crowded, but the staff attempted to make up for this by clearing tables quickly and helping where they could. Would stay there again for business or leisure travel.',
 u"The Best Western at Pioneer Square was a real treat for us staying before and after an Alaskan cruise. I made the reservation well in advance and paid for the room rentals in adnvance before cruise and after cruise stays. Since the ship arrived back in Seattle very early I contacted the hotel to see if they would store our luggage until our room became available. Michael K. responded promptly and upon arrival back into Seattle he made arrangements to have our luggage stored until our room was ready. The hotel itself is classic history. It is centrally located and found that check-in was very smooth and the rooms very well maintained. Large room with excellent bath, and just the right amount of furniture. We felt like we were back in the 50 or 60's. The room was spotless and very clean, as well as the bath. We were placed on the 4th floor for the arrival stay and the 2nd floor for the return cruise stay. After checkin on the return stay with in 30 minutes, housekeeping was knocking at the door to make sure we were happy with the room and asked if we needed anything or more towels. That was Ezekial. The rooms offer only a window air conditioner unit for cooling but it served the purpose well. The hotel offers a breakfast inclusive of the room rental fee and that was in a separate area of the hotel. There were lots of choices, just not hot meals, except the fresh waffles that the patrons can make themselves. There is no restaurant in the hotel, but many choices near by. We ate at an Asian restaurant right next door to the Hotel ....Julie's Garden, small quaint, and excellent asian food at such a reasonable price. For a drink near the hotel just next door, try thePioneer Square Saloon. The hotel offers free internet service in their boardroom. Their is a printer so you can print your airline boarding passes if you like. There is free bus service during the daytime hours which we used with helpful directions from Michael the front desk clerk. We used the Seattle Light Rail from the airport for just $2.50 each way per person saving lots of $$ vs.taxi or shuttle service into Seattle. $2.50 each vs. taxi of nearly $45.000 each way. It was so easy to use. Went to the American Idol 2010 Tour at Key Arena the night before the cruise using the free city bus serivce, then caught the monorail and light rail back to the hotel after the concert. The hotel is just 3 blocks from the light rail station, an easy walk. Upon arrival back from the cruise we took a taxi from Pier 66 to the hotel for a $6.00 for 2 people to transport our luggage. That afternoon we went to Safeco Field for a ML baseball game Mariner's vs Twins, and just walked down the street to the ballpark. Both Qwest Field ...Seattle Seahawks and Safeco Field ...Mariner's baseball are within walking distance. Also the waterfront and seafood restaurants just blocks away for foot traffic. Ate dinner the last night at the CrabPot on the waterfront (Alaskan Way) which was in our opinion .....very overrated. We enjoyed a free bus ride to Pike Street Market Saturday morning before the ballgame which is really something to see. Room price was an average of $200.00 per night.... a bit pricey for us, but well worth it in the end, considering we saved lots of $$$ for inner city transportation and transportation via taxi, shuttle or cruise ship bus to the pier. Yes, I would recommend the Best Western Pionner Square for either business of leisure visits. Lots to do in Seattle, and a very friendly city. Only concern and negative was the massive amount of homeless and transient people in the city. Feel this is a very bad image for the City of Seattle, and city fathers should certainly try to clean this problem up. For an historic hotel, close to many venues, consider the Best Western Pioneer Square Hotel. Friendly staff that is very helpful. You will not be disappointed. If we ever do another cruise from Seattle, we will consider staying here again. It was a real treat and a step back in time, since it is an historical hotel.",
 u'Hotel is 100 years old, small, friendly, wonderful, great location with exceptionally nice staff --total atmosphere makes one feel at home. Stayed four days and will always stay there when I return to Seattle. Again GREAT LOCATION!',
 u"We were looking for a hotel that was close to the harbor and reasonable rates. Pioneer Square is one of the better hotels we have stayed in our travels. It is a small clean 100 year hotel. The room was comfortable and clean. Bed was great. Served a wonderful complimentary breakfast including boiled eggs, cereal, fruit and toast.The staff went out of their way to make our stay memorable. It is across the street from the harbor with plenty of great places to eat. Within easy walking of Pike's Market. We would definitely return to Seattle and stay at the Pioneer square.",
 u'Refurbished 1914 Pioneer Hotel within walking distance of Amtrak, Safeco and Quest fields, waterfront and the Pioneer Square area of downtown Seattle. Room decor was charming, suitable to the age of the hotel. We will stay here again, but we will spring the extra $ for the "city view" room. Staff was helpful and courteous, especially John and Mike at the Bell Hop desk.',
 u'2 blocks from the waterfront, 3 blocks from light rail station to airport, 5 min walk to amtrack station, 8 blocks to pike market. this hotel was modest, but clean. front desk staff were friendly and helpful.',
 u"This is a centrally located, heritage hotel with lovely rooms and a deluxe continental breakfast! Having traveled to Seattle many times before, we thought it was time to stay in another area other than beside the Pike Place Market. The BW in Pioneer Square was well-appointed and full of heritage character and ambiance. Unlike other BWs, this hotel has style and grace with comfort to boot. We didn't need to pay for parking, for we were able to find free street parking after 6pm, and the parking is free on Sundays, too. The location was great for taking in old Seattle, the Underground Tours, Chinatown, right beside Safeco and Qwest stadiums, the waterfront stores and restaurants. The staff were very kind and helpful.",
 u'We enjoy staying here and then going to a game at Safeco Field. We get a king room with a street view and we walk to the waterfront, shops along First Ave. and to the field. Handy, well stocked breakfast room, helpful and pleasant staff and the historic feel of the hotel make the stay special.',
 u'Excellent facility, close to waterfront, fine restaurants, Pike Place Market, major sports stadiums, etc. Deluxe room was spacious , comfortable and had an excellent King bed. Only improvement would be replacing old style TV with larger flat screen model, Overall, a delightful tourist experience....we have already booked another visit for mid-September.',
 u'Nice hotel in a "real" part of Seattle. Rooms clean, breakfast great (if a little crowded at times). Easy walking distance of fishermans wharf and plenty of bars and restaurants. We were catching the ferry after our two days and you couldn\'t be better located. One slight downside is that the area has its share of down and outs so be prepared for frequent panhandlers. Just around the corner is the underground tour - well worth a try for the entertainment /comedy value as much as the educational aspect.',
 u"We checked into Best Western, Pioneer Square, Seattle late in the night, weary from a long day of travel and flights. The gentleman on the front desk greeted us with a smile, and informed us that he had upgraded us to one of the beautiful rooms on the 4th floor of the hotel. This was a very pleasant surprise, and very much appreciated. Our room overlooked a quiet street, by way of 4 huge double windows along one wall. The furnishings were top quality, including a three seater plush velvet lounge plus a single period style tapestried chair. Our bed was huge and comfortable, with bedside tables and lamps on either side. Plenty of storage space could be found in the large wardrobe and chest of drawers, and a large screen TV was enclosed in a wall unit. The light fittings were of the federation era, in beautiful cream coloured leadlight, with not only wall fixtures but also free standing lamps at either end of the room. In an alcove at one end was a round table with two twisted timber chairs, and as well there was a desk by the wall for workspace. The bathroom was also federation style with beautiful fittings, a large mirror, excellent water pressure from the shower which was housed in a large bathtub. The airconditioning was perfect and could be manually controlled by the guests in the room, and the large windows also opened, if you prefer fresh air from the bay. The room itself had 10 foot ceilings and all trimmings were of top quality red timber, with carpet throughout and tiles in the bathroom. The housekeeping staff were so quiet and unobtrusive that we didn't know they were around unless we saw them in the corridors. We had a nice continental breakfast each morning, which included all kinds of small pastries, fresh fruit, cereals, toasts and various breads, waffles which can be made by guests in the waffle maker, plus a variety of coffee and large assortment of teas. The dining room staff kept the tables cleared, the coffee urns full, and were obliging to any guests requirements. Our concierge organised taxies for us with ease, and was helpful with advice about the general area and any queries we had about restaurants or getting around Seattle. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants trouble-free accommodation within a nice environment where I believe the needs of even a demanding guest would be satisfied. We have travelled the world extensively and visited 15 different countries, some more than once, and Best Western, Pioneer Square, exceeded our expectations at a very reasonable price.",
 u'Nice room, very clean, great location. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The hotel is nicely appointed, lots of character. Good complimentary breakfast. Will definitely stay there again.',
 u"Staff was very helpful, engaging. Rooms were spacious, clean. A little dated, then again it is located in Pioneer Square, so it fits. Close to many downtown Seattle attractions - underground tour, shopping, mall. McDicks right around the corner for midnight snacks - that's key. Can get a little seedy in Pioneer Square at night, and paying for parking is a pain, but the hotel is worth it. Plus they're a lot cheaper than most hotels near by, so that makes up for it. Definitely recommend.",
 u"Location, location, location. This place is in the oldest, most interesting part of town. Two blocks from a ferry port. In walking distance of world-renown Pike's Place Market. Close to Chinatown, sports venues. No on-site parking, and the off-site parking is expensive. This is a face-lifted old hotel. No pool. The Italian restaurant at the water-end of the street was excellent, also the New Orleans place near the parking garage. A few panhandlers, but relatively few for such a funky neighborhood. If you're trying to get in by car, the front desk guys do not drive into work and their well-meaning helpfulness was more hassle than help. You don't need a car here. If you can't walk, things are close. A cab is cheaper than a private car, and mass transit here is very good-- they even have a monorail.",
 u'We stayed three nights at the Pioneer Square Hotel and were thoroughly satisfied. The staff is very friendly and a number of great eating and drinking establishments are within blocks. Also, it was an easy hike to Safeco Field to take in a Mariners baseball game. Our room was small but cozy and we liked the original old woodwork and the view of old buildings on Yesler Way. No noise problems at night and the mattresses were very comfortable. Amazing variety of art, history, and funkiness in this neighborhood!',
 u"What an Amazing hotel! The staff is unbelievably friendly, Extremely well educated, and are a pleasure to talk with. the location is in a prim spot for all sorts of activities day and night. the price is fairly high but for such a large vacation spot thats to be expected. the rooms are very well kept. and the internet is seamless (i'm on it right now). The parking garage is a 2 block walk away but very secure and trust worthy. a none smoking establishment, very handy cap accessible. and quite the Quaint little set-up. don't be fooled by the exterior this is a site to be seen on the inside and Every time i visit Seattle i know exactly where i am staying from now on... rest well weary travelers This truly is the BEST western.",
 u"Somewhat unpresposessing from the outside this hotel is a real gem - fantastic location - friendly staff - and a fine free breakfast. Stay here - you won't be disappointed",
 u'My mother, my best friend and myself took a 4 day trip to Seattle. We wanted to stay at a hotel within walking distance to everything we wanted to see. The Best Western Pioneer Hotel exceeded our expectations. We had a lovely room on the 2nd floor with two beds and a little juliette balcony. The front desk staff were accommodating and the bellmen were great on giving us direction. We were close to everything we wanted to see and were able to walk everywhere. Their parking lot (we were told) was a block and a half away. Well really it was just a 2 min walk and a lot closer than we imagined. The "blocks" were not "true" blocks. The garage was completely secure with a gate that closed at night, so only people with a pass could have access. We felt very comfortable leaving our car there. Yes, the area had some homeless around, but we were never bothered by them and felt completely safe at night. There was even a Starbucks 20 feet away for our morning latte! We went on the underground tour which was awesome and where we had to meet was only about 25 steps away. Soooo close. Lots of restaurants near by. We walked to the piers easily and went to Pike Place Market. The market was about a 15 minute walk. No big deal. Walking there we got to see all the old historic buildings along the way. The whole area is wonderfully historic including the Pioneer Square Hotel. We will definately stay at the Pioneer Square Hotel again if we go back to Seattle.',
 u'I was traveling for business. I was traveling from Philadelphia to Seattle. I stayed at the Pioneer Square Hotel. I had forgot my camera in my room. When I contacted the hotel about the camera, I was informed that they had found the camera. Micheal from the hotel had my camera shipped back to the east coast. My work and family pictures were on this camera, which means a lot to me. I was born in Washington and to see such honest, kind individuals in such a beautiful surrounding makes me wish I was still there. Thank you very much! Julia',
 u"We stayed there on a weekend and walked around downtown seattle.It was a good stay.The bed couldn't have been more uncomfortable but for $70 the night was okay.no housekeeping was done in the 4 days we stayed they could improve that.",
 u"I was in Seattle for a conference and stayed at the Crown Plaza for 4 nights on my company's dime - I planned to stay a couple extra days but didn't want to pay the Crowne Plaza rate so I went with the Pioneer Square Hotel - after searching the web for an inexpensive hotel and found the PS at about half the price. And what a pleasant surprise! I loved the history, the pictures of old Seattle hanging in the lobby and the stairs - the Crowne Plaza had nothing on this place. And it was a block from the waterfront - shops, ferries, restaurants - and a short bus ride from Seattle Center. And they also had an abundant continental breakfast - make-it-yourself waffles, bagels, cold cereals, fresh fruit, yogurt, etc, etc. Crowne Plaza had squat - except if you wanted to pay for it! The room was clean and well-kept, and with the recently stained woodwork, seemed as if it had all been remodeled recently. Last, but not least, the staff were very friendly and accommodating. The only issue I had was with the recently stained woodwork/furniture - which was beautiful - but the odor was pretty bad. Luckily, the windows opened so I was able to air the place out.",
 u"This is our second stay and we really enjoyed it! The staff are very friendly and helpful. The hotel is old (everything in Pioneer Square is old) but has been beautifly remodeled without loosing any of it's charm. Great free breakfast with lots of choices. Very close to all the the best that Seattle has to offer-PLUS it's on the Free Bus route so if you can't /won't walk the few blocks to Pike St market you can catch the bus.This would be a great choice if you're attending a Mariners or Seahawks game-it's just down the street to the stadiums.We'll be back.",
 u'My husbad and I came for a quick trip midweek to visit family and were greeted with wonderful hopspitality and were upgraded to a beautiful suite overlooking the city street and skyscrapers above. We visited family before seeing our room then returned later, upon returning there was a bottle of bubbly chilling. We stepped out for a bite at Little Italy next door to the hotel and then retired in our beautiful suite. Continental breakfast was good and the staff as usual was terrific! Would recommend staying at this hotel if you are looking for something a little different and have time to enjoy the heart of Seattle. "cheers my friends" Chris & Cindy',
 u"My friend and I stayed at the BW Pioneer Square two nights. It's in a great location, close to Amtrak and easy walking to Pike Place, Seattle Art Museum and downtown shopping. It's an historic old building so the rooms and bathrooms are small (as are the lobby and breakfast room), but it's very comfortable and beautifully refurbished. Take the stairs instead of the elevator and check out the carpets on the stairs and landings,--beautiful! Clean, great service, great Best Western self serve breakfast.",
 u'We stayed at the Pioneer Square Hotel Jan 22nd using the Entertainment discount - the experience far exceeded our expectations!! When I called to book our two rooms, Alex was very helpful. He told us how close the hotel was to the Waterfront, the Underground, shops, Pike Street Market. We got a very good price for our two rooms. I was very suprised at how beautifully decorated the hotel and rooms were, very clean, provided delicious breakfast with waffles. The staff, including Michael at the front desk, was exceptionally friendly and helpful. The only downside was the view from our window was another building, but the sheer curtains concealed the view while providing plenty of light into the rooms. I would highly recommend this hotel!!',
 u"I usually stay by the Public Market, but this was fantastic. The hotel is small, quaint, totally clean and quiet, with a little European-like breakfast room. You can ask the concierge anything! It rained during my 2 day stay. Not only did I receive an umbrella each day, but everything downtown was walkable or close to free ride, bus or train. Restaurants and bars are close for evening meals and nightcaps; I felt safe on my own. I discovered the Pioneer Square underground Transit Tunnel stop 2 blocks up from the hotel, and the free bus from there to the International District (Uwajimaya just across the street) one stop away. This is the same station for the train to the airport, about a half hour trip for $2.50 (only detriment a long walk to the terminal at the end). The hotel is super for staff, service, quiet, convenience, and proximity to downtown and airport by foot or public transportation. I couldn't have asked for more.",
 u'Seattle is one of my favorite cities and i had not visited in a long time. So my husband and I planned a long weekend there. The Best western was a great choice for us to get reaquainted with this fabulous city. They hotel was perfect and the location too. the staff were helpful in every way. And the price was great too, leaving us extra money to splurge on other things!',
 u"The staff at this hotel went all out. From the day I checked in, I was treated like I was very special. I even participated in decorating the beautiful Christmas tree in the lobby, drinking hot cocoa from Starbucks! The concierges (all) were outstanding. Everyone, without exception, was friendly and helpful. The hotel is located close to Pike Place and downtown, definitely walking distance and the weather was exceptional for this time of year and that helped a lot. The only drawback was the area is a little sketchy at night, so I'd recommend being aware of your surroundings in the evening. The accommodations were pleasant, and the bed was very comfortable.",
 u'We had travelled 1000 miles via Amtrak celebrating our 50th wedding anniversary. This hotel is in the Historic Area of Seattle which I did not know when the reservations (via AAA) were made. Old brick building, small lobby, nice with fireplace, palms and a couple of chairs, nothing spectacular but it filled the needs of a lobby. You can imagine my surprise when we opened the door to our room and it was SPECTACULAR! Gorgeous furnishings, tri ceiling, lovely view of the quiet tree lined street below, tons of period furniture including a long couch and lovely desk, and the biggest bed I have ever seen (I sleep on a California King, at home). I can hardly wait to return!',
 u'We just got back from a weekend stay at the Best Western Pioneer Square in Seattle and the stay was beyond my expectations. During our last visit, we booked a hotel for a similar price and it was a complete dump so when I was able to book this hotel for a very reasonable rate with my CAA discount, I wasn\'t expecting too much. The hotel was in a great location, lots of places to eat and drink in the area plus close to some great places like the Crab Pot on the waterfront. The staff that we encountered during our stay were all so nice and friendly. The room was large and very clean with a nice big bathroom and tub! It was quiet, we never heard a single noise while in our rooms. The breakfast that is included was ok, nothing spectacular but lots to choose from with waffles, bagels, cereal, eggs, etc. The hotel is also in the "ride free" zone so you can ride the bus for free. We also walked and took a cab to the main shopping area and it is super close. Overall, nothing but good things to say and we will be back for sure! One thing, if you stay here and looking for something fun to do at night, the Comedy Underground is a very short 2 minute walk from the hotel and for $15, we got to see 2 comedians and it was a great time!',
 u'a well preserved old hotel in a perfect location for our visits to seattle. we like to walk in the city, so using the car park two blocks away is convenient. close to train station, safeco field, elliot bay book store, seattle art museum, pike mkt (maybe 12 blocks), and an easy city bus ride to husky stadium. the hotel is clean and comfortable. the staff is friendly and helpful.',
 u'Everyone at the hotels was very courteous and helpful. Greg and Mike were more than willing to answer ALL our questions. Location was perfect for touring around. Highly recommend staying at this unique hotel.',
 u'This historic hotel is in excellent condition, with clean comfortable rooms, an extremely pleasant and helpful staff, and within walking distance of downtown and the mass transit system. The room was clean, the bed comfortable, and the shower hot. Even though it was near the highway, the traffic sounds were buffered to a large degree and certainly did not detract from the comfort of the room. The Best Western-Pioneer will be my first choice now whenever I travel to our Seattle office. I have already recommended it to my colleagues in our local office so other out-of-town staff have a new option to consider.',
 u'A very lovely, centrally located gem, that a lot of people might mistakenly overlook . . . with a very friendly staff, free fun "make-it yourself" Belgium breakfast waffles and the very best location~location~location !',
 u"We booked the hotel room two days before our weekend to Seattle and got two of the last rooms the weekend of a Seattle Seahawks game. This hotel is within walking distance to both Qwest field and Safeco field. It was the perfect location for out of town Seahawk fans! While we didn't take advantage, it was also quite close to the Seattle shopping district. My only complaint is that there was no hotel parking available by the time we checked in, so had to park on the street which was less than desirable. The hotel is quite old and has so much character. Our room was one of the smallest in the hotel, but it was fine for a one night stay. The rooms were clean and the staff were very friendly and helpful. A free paper awaited us on our Sunday morning, which we read enjoying the complimentary hotel breakfast. It is close to the Interstate, but we did not notice much noise within the hotel. It is also within walking distance to the harbour and Pike's Place market. We headed to Anthony's Pier for dinner on Saturday night. The food was fantastic and would definitely recommend going there for a meal. The view is spectacular! I would definitely stay here again for trips into Seattle to watch sporting events. The proximity to Qwest field CANNOT be beat.",
 u"I have only positive things to say about this hotel. Our rooms were quite large, quiet, and clean. The hotel staff was friendly and very helpful. The included breakfast was an extended Continental style with make-your-own waffles that were very good. The hotel is located in an 1890's street-front building that is on the National Register -- very cozy surroundings two blocks from the Elliott Bay waterfront, 1/2 block from Pioneer Square, and a comfortable walk to the stadiums. The hotel is also within the Free Ride zone - we caught a free bus over to the Westlake Center, picked up the Monorail (2 bucks) to the Space Needle. Took about 15 minutes total.",
 u'My sister and i were traveling with our 80 year old mother and got in around noon and they had the room ready for us to check in. They got us someone to help with our luggage; great directions for parking and restaurants in area. Breakfast was nice with real dishes. Area was quiet for being downtown. Great weather also helped. Rooms not big but for a one night stay plenty of room and we also had a rollaway in room which was very comfortable.',
 u'we came on our arrival and departure back home to the southeast. found rooms in very excellent and clean condition. staff at highest availability and friendly to assist in any way. location is very convenient and easy access to city sites. many amenities including morning breakfast included and excellent help with assistance to travel. would definitely consider returning.',
 u'The Pioneer Square Best Western greatly enhanced our 5-day stay in Seattle! The interior rooms were quiet, spacious, comfortable and clean. The housekeeping was unobtrusive and thorough. The concierge service was outstanding; they recommended excellent airport transportation and car rental services, and provided precise directions. The front desk personnel were memorable, from the initial reservations assistance to the swift checkout. And the extensive breakfasts provided a delicious beginning to our days of exploration! The location was perfect for our activities along Elliott Bay, in central Seattle, Pioneer Square and the International District. I would strongly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Seattle.',
 u'We stayed here for two nights at the start and finish of a longer holiday. The hotel is comfortable and clean and check in is efficient and friendly. The location is very good - an easy walk into the main areas and in very easy reach of the bars and shops in the Pioneer Square area. We receommend Michellis, an Italian bar/restuarantright opposite the hotel for good food and a great selection of beer and wine. We walked to the station in order to take a train to Vancouver and this was fine. The hotel provides a complimentary breakfast which is a pretty good start to the day. On our second visit we were upgraded to a suite - which was a welcome treat.',
 u'Knowing we would have a good room, we were delighted to find we had been upgraded. Terrific room and view!',
 u"The hotel itself was a typical chain hotel. The room was comfortable. The staff was very helpful holding my luggage before and after my stay. I walked from the train station to the hotel. It was kind of a long walk but managable for anyone with resonable fitness and good wheeled luggage or a backpack. I'd probably choose this hotel if I were to do it again. The location was good if you don't mind a little walking. The pier was about a five to ten minute walk and the market was about 10 minutes. A great BBQ place is about a minute walk away in the square. I felt a little uncomforable walking alone at night as a single female but during the day it was fine. Overall I was impressed with my experience at the hotel.",
 u"We stayed at the Pioneer Square Hotel on a business trip to Seattle and received excellent service. Check in was smooth an professional, the staff courteous, and the guest rooms were nicely appointed. This hotel is a historic landmark in Seattle's famous Pioneer Square, and they have managed to keep up to date with current hotel amenities while maintaining the flavor of the neighborhood. They offer a very nice complimentary breakfast, complimentary internet access, and have an agreement with a pay parking garage nearby that allows for in-and-out service with a scan card.",
 u"We stayed for only one night but were very impressed with every aspect of this hotel. It has the charm and warmth of a bygone era with all the modern conveniences. Folks at the front desk were friendly, helpful and professional and our room was certainly large enough, very clean and comfortable. There was a bit of traffic noise but it certainly didn't bother us. The continental breakfast was top notch with excellent variety and everything fresh and tasty. This hotel offered excellent value and we would certainly stay here again.",
 u"Where here now on the 2nd of 3 nights. The hotel is clean with a very nice breakfast, and location is excellent - one short block to the Underground Tours; across the street from the ferry's (take the Bainbridge Island ferry for a beautiful, very inexpensive trip to the Island - or another); about 8 blocks (nice walk) to Pike Place Market; a couple blocks to Elliott Bay shops. Everything is close and if you enjoy to walk just a little it's the perfect location and a great value. We love to find good value and boutique type hotels, especially in great locations. We highly recommend this. The only issue I have is our room is near the elevated highway and there is more noise at night than I care for (but ear plugs do the trick). But the room is very clean and it's a nice older hotel.",
 u"This hotel was great. Good AAA rate, friendly, accommodating staff, nice updated bathroom, free easy wifi, good section of town. Don't be scared by the proximity to the freeway. My room was quiet, at least. It's a far walk to Capitol Hill, but close to the rest of downtown.",
 u'We were in Seattle for a wedding and we arrived late morning. A room was not ready and we needed to freshen up and hang up our clothes that we were wearing for the wedding. The front desk staff let us use their facilities to freshen up and gave us wooden hangers for our clothes. Right as we were giving our luggage to be stored, the front desk person told us she found a room that was ready for us. This historical building has a lot of charm to it. The rooms were clean, quaint and all the modern amenities. We were within walking distance to many of the sites, ferries, restaurants and night life. Breakfast is included with the room. It is your typical continental breakfast, fruit, yogurt, breads, muffins, hard boil eggs, cereal, juices, coffee, waffles. Whether we needed a taxi, directions or recommendations, the front desk staff was extremely friendly and helpful. We love Seattle and we will be back. We will definitely stay at this hotel again too.',
 u"We have stayed at the Pioneer Square Best Western 3 times and always have had a great experience. The last trip was before and after a cruise. We arrived at 3 am due to a late flight- but the concierge had a car waiting for us. We had booked an out of town trip based on faulty info about public transportation - but he found transportation for us. We couldn't fit souvenir arrows in our suitcases, he had them shipped the next day. Any of these things could have caused tired, stressed travelers to melt down, but each one just turned into another nice impression of the Pioneer Square Best Western. It is in a fantastic location, the rooms are terrific, and the people are phenomenal!",
 u'I like the Best Western brand, because so often, the hotel is traditional to the setting, and the properties are nicely kept. This was certainly true here, and a great find! Pioneer Square is more-or-less the heart of what\'s happening in Seattle, right in the middle of or within easy walking distance of an endless array of sights and shopping. A great, attractive, comfortable, clean room and bathroom, and even fresh apples waiting in the room. My location request had been incorporated with no difficulty. Because of a harried exit from home, I had forgotten to pack my very necessary hair spray in my checked luggage, and I forgot toothpaste as well. Due to airline difficulties, I arrived too late to buy these items. When I asked for toothpaste, they had it, which was not surprising. But I then said, jokingly, "I don\'t suppose you have any hair spray back there, do you?" And the young man said, "I don\'t know. I\'ll look." He opened the cabinet door behind him, and there was a short row of little hair spray bottles! ! ! Doing the happy dance, for sure! There is a restaurant next door which serves lunch and dinner - - and I think they deliver as "room service" until 10:00 p.m. Did not use that service. Free breakfast is available in the hotel breakfast room, with a nice selection of "continental" items - - plus do-it-yourself waffles! When I go back, I\'ll go down for breakfast a little earlier, so as not to get stuck in the "waffle line." Apparently we all thought everyone else would be eating early, but there was a late rush just before the serving stopped. Everyone still got everything they wanted, but we had to take turns! ! ! (The second morning we were catching the train to Vancouver, and ate breakfast on the train.) Look at the hotel website, and you will see this thoroughly updated hotel in a great location, with really nice people operating it. My traveling companion met me there the second night, and we were both very pleased with this choice.',
 u'As we parked our car in the unloading zone in front of the hotel, I was grew concerned. Walking into the hotel and then seeing our room I realized we\'d be just fine. This is a terrific older hotel that is located in the old original downtown area of Seattle; an area that the city could do a lot more to improve. We were staying 3 nights and were informed our room had been upgraded. We were on the 4th floor with a small balcony. The room had double-paned glass which kept out most of the street noise, but if you\'re a light sleeper, bring earplugs. I didn\'t need them. Our room was very clean, updated inside, and pleasant and the whole hotel is non-smoking which is an absolute joy. The Underground Tour (which I recommend) is only a block away. What this means, however, with at least 2 homeless missions within blocks away, is that the homeless congregate in that area as there are a multitude of tourists who come to see the old buildings and take the tour. I never felt endanged by any of them as we tromped back and forth, however, you have to ignor the requests for money. The parking structure suggested by the hotel seems much more secure than other parking nearby. You can park elsewhere if you want. The parking rate is a flat fee and you can come and go as much as you want/need. There is a city bus that stops right in front of the hotel that will take you over to the International District (which has an amazing store with all things Asian and many Asian fast food stands within). We were able to use buses in the "free zone" to get to almost everywhere we wanted to go for free. It was impossible to try and park near Pike Place Market, so the buses were very helpful--although you must walk several blocks from the free bus dropoff point. Also the free buses along the front shoreline road stop right in front of the hotel. The breakfast was okay. Yogurt and hard boiled eggs for protein and bagels/cream cheese and make-it-yourself waffles provide the carbs. There is a Starbucks a block away and several small restaurants in the immediate area. Overall, I was very pleased with this hotel as it is a great value for the money. My only complaint is the one elevator. Unlike where I live, there is nothing that states when it was last inspected inside the elevator itself and it had a bounciness to it that made us feel a bit wary. That said, however, it worked and it would not deter a recommendation or future stay. I gave a 3/5 for location because the location has both pluses and minuses. I would definitely stay here again.',
 u"Seattle is a tourist-friendly city, and Best Western Pioneer Square Hotel was a great base from which to enjoy it all. The hotel is located within walking distance of the Waterfront, in the middle of Pioneer Square's attractions, and just a few blocks from Safeco/Qwest Fields. One block up is 42 floor Smith Tower, with a 360 degree view observation deck. And 1st Avenue, one block up from BW, has all kinds of good restaurants. The New Orleans Creole Restaurant on 1st had terrific music by the New Orleans Quintet on Monday night, along with wonderful, reasonably priced food. There is a 'free bus' area to a lot of Seattle's attractions, including Pike Market, Sculpture Garden, Monorail to the Space Needle, etc. Several stops are within a few blocks of Best Western. One bus stops right in front of the hotel. Pioneer Square BW has a great free morning breakfast - make your own waffles w/strawberries, bagels, yogurt, fruit, etc. The lobby is comfortable and our room/bathroom were fine. There was no street noise at night, even though you're in close proximity to the highway. We parked our car in the Butler Garage, 1-1/2 blocks away, and left it there for the 3 day stay. No need to drive, with the free buses, monorail, cheap bus fare out-of-area. The concierge at the BW door on Tuesday morning was extremely helpful with directions and suggestions. We're looking forward to going back, and staying at the Pioneer Square Best Western when we do. Be forewarned that all of Seattle is overpriced, but once you adjust to that, you will love the city!",
 u'A great location in Pioneer Square with friendly, helpful staff. It is close to the Amtrak station, which was nice for an early train to Vancouver.The free bus picked up right outside the front door of the hotel and we took it one direction to Pike Market and the other direction to the Amtrak station. Pike Market was closer than we thought, so we walked back in the evening. The room was big and had a balcony. The kids, 5 & 7, loved the continental breakfast with waffles.',
 u"My critera for finding a hotel in Seattle was that it be near the Amtrak station, as we were traveling by train, and this hotel was the closest one I found. I was more than pleasantly surprised when I checked in. Not only is it a beautifully restored old hotel, but it is located within a 10 minute walk of the Amtrak station in a nice historic area of the city. The room was one of the largest rooms I have ever been in in a hotel, and the king size bed was gigantic! The room was nicely furnished with high-speed internet, a coffee pot, hair dryer, iron, and the usual assortment of shampoos, soaps, etc. I wish our stay could have been longer, because the hotel was located in a very interesting and fun area, as well as being convenient to the [free] public transportation to get to other parts of the city. The hotel staff was very pleasant, and upon our checkin, gave us a map of Seattle which enabled us to easily find our way around. The free continental breakfast was very good and much appreciated; make-your-own waffles as well as cereal, muffins, bagels and toast toast were available, served in a cozy room next to the lobby. The lobby, altho small, was comfortable. Because I was only there overnight, I didn't have time to check out what amenities the hotel offered, so I am not sure about many of those things. The photo and the appearance of the hotel doesn't do the hotel justice; you need to go into the lobby to see what a gem it is. I would definately recommend this hotel to a friend.",
 u"I stayed at this hotel for four nights while attending a large event at the Convention Center downtown. I found it to be beautifully furnished, clean, quiet, and everything I needed for a relaxing stay. The staff was very helpful with luggage, directions, recommendations, etc. Even though we arrived on a very busy Friday afternoon, it was easy to pull up directly in front of the hotel, unload the luggage, check in, and get the car to the parking garage located just a few blocks away. The staff made this all very smooth. (On a side note, everything is within walking distance, a free bus ride, or a cab ride away, so I would leave the car at home and save the $20 a day in parking if you can.) Breakfast was not elaborate but good and plenty was available (fresh waffles, hard boiled eggs, bagels, muffins, cereal, fresh fruit, yogurt, etc.) The hotel was a bit of a hike from the Convention Center, but I found the 30 minute walk each morning pleasant. There are also free buses a few blocks away if you don't like to walk that far. Personally, I enjoyed being away from the activity of the large convention hotels at the end of the day and found it the perfect place to stay. When visiting Seattle again, I will definitely stay at the Best Western Pioneer Square.",
 u"We booked this hotel at the last minute for our last two nights in Seattle before returning to Europe. We were very satisfied with the room and price, facilities were good, location excellent - at the end of Downtown, handy for the docks, shops and Pioneer Square district. You can reach it from the harbour area (e.g. cruise, Victoria Clipper ports) by the free downtown trolley. Breakfast was decidedly basic (but at least included), and the first morning very overcrowded - I think a group had come just ahead of us. Business centre allowed me to check internet as necessary without difficulty. Room was on a corner and quite near the overhead freeway but you could also see the water with a little effort! Noisy with the window open but it wasn't so hot that we needed to open it much. Staff willing to be helpful but not obtrusive. Main complaint was that when we wanted to go to the airport they tried very hard to persuade us to take a town car for $5 more than a taxi: but I really couldn't understand why I should want to.",
 u'The staff was great-- very friendly and helpful. I did not expect such personalized service at this price! It had all the amenities and efficiency of a chain hotel with the decor and ambiance of a historic hotel. The location is perfect if you plan to take the ferries or water taxis frequently. It is also very close to excellent restaurants on the waterfront and in Pioneer Square. There is a great view of the city from the observation deck at Smith Tower, just barely up the street. Pikes Market is also a little over a half mile away as well- a pleasant walk. To get to Seattle Center, we walked about half a mile to the monorail station, then took the monorail, which was a fun experience. We also took a cab to Seattle Center one day when we were in more of a hurry (about $10). So, if you absolutely have to be right in the middle of the market/shopping area or near the convention center, this might not be the place for you, but otherwise everything about this hotel was convenient for getting around Seattle. We also liked the fact that it is relatively small, with only four stories. We almost never had to wait for the elevator, and could just easily take the stairs, which made getting in and out of the hotel a breeze. If you are very sensitive to any sounds while you are trying to sleep, you may not want a "city view" room, as the hotel is near the freeway and there is a "saloon" next door, so you will hear road noise and people sitting at the outside tables. But that is part of staying downtown, and it was really not an issue for us.',
 u"Best Western Pioneer Square Hotel was just what I wanted to experience after 23 hours on the train from San Francisco. A beautiful spacious room, great shower, internet and cable, and an excellent array of goodies for breakfast all collected in a wonderful period building. We were there during a marathon and it was surprisingly quiet. Situated at Pioneer Square, it is a simple walk to the Waterfront, pioneer square, and quite near Pike's Street Market and downtown.",
 u"We had never been to Seattle and were not sure where to stay in the city. We chose this place on a whim because of its historic downtown location and reasonable price. We definitely made the right choice. The hotel staff is excellent. All the concierges are extremely knowledgeable and friendly. The location is awesome. The Underground Tour, the Pier 52 ferry to Bainbridge Island, eclectic shopping, sports stadiums, nature and historic walks, and lively bars and restaurants are literally only a block or two away. Don't miss a tour of the, nearby, public library. It's amazing. Also, a major bus stop is nearby. (We didn't even need to rent a car, thus saving $20.00 per night for parking). As a bonus to history and ghost story lovers, the Pioneer is the only hotel to be found here, the first area to be established by the pioneers of Seattle. If you listen carefully, you will hear great stories about both these elements of old Seattle. Yes, there is quite a bit of panhandling in the area and it became tiresome. However, the good completely outweighed the bad.",
 u'My stay at this hotel was supposed to be for business but the hotel and the staff made this a most incredible stay. located close to many different ammenities and attractions i was overwhelmed with smalltown charm in a large city. i can not say enough about the staff at this hotel. they were very friendly and attentive to your every whim or need.',
 u'The Best Western at Pioneer is a great little hotel. Don\xe2\u20ac\u2122t go if you are looking for the cookie cutter hotel of the big chains, this is more of a boutique hotel. The \xe2\u20ac\u0153free\xe2\u20ac\ufffd breakfast was more along the lines of a small European hotel without the meat and hard rolls, which matched the feel for the whole hotel. In my opinion the hotel would be fit right in with the boutique hotels of any major European city. Right next to the hotel is a nice saloon which severed mostly local beers and wines, but had the atmosphere of a local \xe2\u20ac\u0153gasthaus\xe2\u20ac\ufffd in Germany or a local pub in England. If you are in Seattle with some free time I would advise you take the \xe2\u20ac\u0153Underground Tour,\xe2\u20ac\ufffd which is about a block from the hotel. Not overly impressive however very informative. Just around the corner from the hotel up on First Avenue there is a nice little jazz club that has reasonably priced meals and great music, if you like jazz that is. The hotel is with easy walking distance of the waterfront and its associated eateries. Just a short walk north on First Avenue is the famous Pikes Market where you can buy fresh fruit, meat, flowers and fish. If you go to the Market don\xe2\u20ac\u2122t forget your camera as the range of colors is outstanding. Speaking of cameras, vist Kerry Park, which is north of the Space Needle, where you get a wonderful view of the city; I think it is the same view you see from window of Frasier\xe2\u20ac\u2122s window from the TV show of the same name. One doesn\xe2\u20ac\u2122t need a rental car to get there however it is a \xe2\u20ac\u0153hike\xe2\u20ac\ufffd up the last few blocks, trust me on that as I hiked it once and about half way up my legs and I agree that I was out of shape and should have taken the rental car. (Testosterone will kill you every time.) They say in the winter when the air is fresh and clear you can see Mt. Rainer in the back ground behind the Space Needle; however I was there in the summer so I just got a hazy view of Mt. Rainer. For the camera buffs I would advise you go to the park right after sun down so you can get a view of the Space Needle and the rest of Seattle all lit-up. If you want to change your daily wear visit Utilikilts on Pioneer Square. They can outfit you with a daily wear kilt in no time. I was much temped to buy one; however, well to be honest I chickened out. All and all the Pioneer Square Best Western Hotel is a great little hotel, right in the heart of old Seattle.',
 u"We stayed here three nights, coming into Seattle on Amtrak from Vancouver. It is a beautiful classic hotel with personnel who are extremely helpful. The breakfast buffet is a perfect way to start the day. We took buses everywhere and the location couldn't be more convenient, although Pioneer Square at night is not condusive for strolling the streets, thus the 4-star rating on location. Our room was front streetview, second floor, spacious, clean and so very comfortable. If we come back to Seattle again, this is the place we will stay. The price is right! My husband stayed here seven years ago and he said this time was even better.",
 u'Larisa at front desk is fantastic.Always helping and answering questions with a great attitude and a BIG SMILE. Defenetly a big asset for the Hotel. Outside Katarina always providing good tips an reccomendations. She is a jewel. Thaks to all the employees for making us feel good.',
 u'I am moved to report to help other travellers. If you book this one and are finding your way yourself look out as it does not carry the usual Best Western large illuminated logo. Having found it we received excellent and cheerful service.',
 u"We chose the Pioneer Square for its price and proximity to AMTRAK (it's a $4 cab ride to the station, tip not included). We stayed two nights, one going and one coming. It would take a compelling reason now to choose another Seattle hotel. We got in late the first night and the desk staff could not have been more welcoming and accommodating. We were quickly in our nicely appointed and furnished room and found the extra pillows we had asked for online. The Pioneer is a historic building with the ambiance only found in earlier days. It has had a first class restoration, so you get the best of the old and of the new. The included breakfast is of first quality and generous quantity. A cheerful attendant provides any help you need and boiled eggs provide the protein often missing from such meals. Finally, when I discovered I had left my shaving kit behind and called the hotel they simply checked my address and said they would send it along. At no charge. The Best Western Pioneer Square will be our hotel in Seattle from now on.",
 u'We chose this hotel for a brief stay before a cruise and were pleased from the moment we walked in. Check-in was easy and the pleasant staff member gave us maps of the area along with the room keys. The hotel is a very short walk from the "Seattle Underground" tour and the Klondike Museum in an historic area with many shops and restaurants. I asked about purchasing wine and flowers to take on our cruise, and another map that detailed the immediate vicinity was given to me and the appropriate shops marked. The staff member suggested waiting to buy the flowers at the Pike Street Market, which was an excellent suggestion. Breakfast was pleasant and included the individual waffle maker, hard-boiled eggs, cereal, pastries and more. Checkout was easy and we were allowed toleave our luggage in their secure storage room while we toured the area after checkout. The bellman was extremely courteous and pleasant when retrieving our bags and hailing a cab. We plan to stay here again if we are in Seattle.',
 u'We stayed in this hotel while waiting to board the Cruise ship for Alaska the next day. The hotel was in an ideal location as we were able to walk to many of the downtown attractions. The served a wonderful continental breakfast and when we were ready to leave the bell hop and hotel staff helped us get a taxi and get loaded up for our trip in no time. The rooms were also great and we had a beautiful view of Downtown Seattle.',
 u"Check-in was quick (we arrived at 10pm), the room was clean and with a good view. The staff, particularly Katrina, were exceptional. All hotels could take a lesson from this hotel. I've stayed at Ritz-Carltons that weren't this nice.",
 u'I am new to Washington state, friends and circumstances have taken me to Seattle numerous times for overnite stay. I was lucky enough to find the Best Western Pioneer Square Hotel for my travel arrangements. I have traveled all over the United States and Europe, I have to say this is the most pleasant hotel and staff I have ever encountered. Michael is always at the front desk to greet us, always smiling, professional and willing to LISTEN to the guests needs and wants. Very uncommon these days!!! The rooms are beautiful remodeled to the original era. The location is fantastic, walking to Pikes Market, the ferrys, surrounded by shops, restaurants and coffee houses. The lobby is very comfortable with great tourist information and a wonderful warming fire to sit and relax by. All of these wonderful attributes, make the Best Western at Pioneer Square in Seattle Wa., an absolute pleasure to continue my trips to Seattle. If it was not for the staff, Michael, in particular I may have stayed at an alternative hotel. In fact on my last trip, there was another hotel in the vacinity, same star value, cheaper in price and I would image other ways, I chose to stay at Best Western Pioneer Square without hesitation because of my wonderful experience. I would also like to mention Katarina, who is always pleasant with a big smile. You are very fortunate to have Michael, who obviously loves his job, torking for you. Thank you again for a wonderful experience!!! Wendy Whitehouse',
 u'We have stayed at the hotel every spring on the week-end closest to our anniversary. This year is our 25th, and our stay was wonderful. It seemed like all the staff knew. When we arrived, we found a lavish gift basket including champagne, waiting. The hotel is charming and the service is personal. We return because we always feel welcomed and it is never impersonal. The hotel is within easy walking distance of many activities and the Pioneer Square district is eclectic and fun.',
 u'The Pioneer Square Hotel is a great place to stay while in Seattle. It is close to the waterfront, Safeco Field, Quest Field, public transit and downtown. The staff is very professional and friendy, the rooms are very comfortable and clean and the breakfast is great too. I have stayed at the Pioneer Square Hotel many times for the last twelve years and still enjoy every visit.',
 u"This was my third stay at this hotel and I wasn't disappointed. It is located in the historic heart of Seattle and has several interesting places nearby, including Pioneer Square itself with its native American totem poles, the Klondyke Goldrush Museum, several of Seattle's famous coffee houses and what must be one of the USA's finest bookshops. There is also a reasonable selection of restaurants within walking distance. The area is not too noisy and felt perfectly safe. The hotel itself is an older building with an individual and historical character. I prefer this style of hotel to very large, more modern but often bland hotels. My room was spacious, spotlessly clean and everything worked. I had suffered a sporting injury immediately before my visit and needed some special assistance, the staff were friendly and extremely helpful. There is no restaurant but there is a breakfast buffet - fairly simple items, cereals, yoghurt, waffles, etc. Sadly, the excellant selection of Torrefazione coffee from the store that used to be nearby is no longer available. This was another enjoyable stay and I would certainly stay there again if I travel to Seattle.",
 u'We were right where we wanted to be - walking distance to Pike Place, Pioneer Square, Qwest WaMu Center, waterfront. Our room was ready when we walked in the door early. I loved the old, vintage feeling, wide halls and stairs to our room. The bathroom was spotless, the shower was great. We parked the car and never touched it until we drove home. The neighborhood was quaint with marvelous shops and restaurants. I highly recommend it. It was relaxing not taking taxis and being able to run in and out of our hotel as we went from place to place. The staff was friendly, helpful and ready.',
 u'While only for one evening my stay was enjoyable. The hotel is easy walking distance from the Amtrak Station and located in one of the oldest and uique areas of Seattle. The hotel is quaint, with the feeling of old world charm. When you enter you attention is drawn to the big easy chairs surrounding the fireplace and then to the beautiful old staircase with the wide, beautiflly carved wooden banister. This decor is carried throughout the hotel, including the rooms. The service was excellant and the staff knowledgeable about the area. I throughly enjoyed my stay.',
 u"I was surprised to see how highly this hotel was rated, given the price, but after staying there I agree with all the reviews - SUPERB hotel for the money. The room was really spacious. Decor was OK, depending on what you like, but I don't choose hotels for decor anyway. Best part was the service - the staff were incredibly friendly and helpful. Also the breakfast was WONDERFUL. With most hotels this price, you just get a 'continental' breakfast - this one had the works: breads, bagels, cereal, fruit, juices, coffee, and a waffle machine! Great to be able to have a hearty breakfast before you're heading out for a day's sightseeing... My only criticism is that there may have been a lot of dust under the beds or somewhere, because my allergies were going nuts, but I can't say for sure that was the hotel's fault; it might have been something else triggering my allergies. Also, the parking is a block away (pay parking) but you can pull up in front of the hotel to unload your luggage, check in etc, and then move the car. And the parking lot does have in/out priveleges - you get a pass from the hotel and that way can come and go as you please. You pay for the pass as part of your hotel bill, so you don't have the hassle of paying separately. (I searched online for hotels with parking included, and there didn't seem to be any in this price range, so just remember to add on $20/day for parking. Which may seem a lot, but given how much street parking is, it's not too bad) Oh and somewhere it said there was WiFi, but it's not really WiFi, it's an internet port in your room. I would definitely stay here again.",
 u'for YEARS i have been staying at the best western by the space needle and i have had some rather strange experiences there! i will be staying in pioneer square from now on...',
 u"I have stayed in this beautiful hotel in Pioneer Square twice. It is one that I would go back to again and again. It is very conveniently located and the rooms are lovely - full of old charm and style! The only thing that can possibly outdo the charm and character of the hotel itself is the staff. Both visits we were greeted with warm smiles and friendly hello's that continued from each staff member we encountered throughout. They really go above and beyond in the service department! I found the hotel to be quiet and comfortable with all the necessities one would require. I look forward to next year's visit!",
 u"The Best Western Pioneer Square was a wonderfully charming spot right in the middle of all the downtown Seattle action! Our room was very spacious, clean, had many large windows and even a balcony! The antique furnishings were very elegant and luxurious, making me feel like I wasn't staying in a hotel but more like a beautiful bed & breakfast. Speaking of breakfast, we really enjoyed the free fresh waffles and assortment of food in the morning - It was a perfect start to our day out enjoying Seattle. The staff were very friendly and always helped with any questions we had. All in all I was very impressed with this hidden gem! (as we almost missed it - the front looks like a store front).",
 u'I found the location perfect and central. I could easily catch local transportation for day trips (ferries, buslines, and train). I was an easy and comfortable walking distance from everything. I like the fact that the Best Western in Pioneer Square is also walking distance from great restaurants: Italian, Middle Eastern, Thai, Sushi, Pho...all within two blocks of the hotel. The decor is a comfortable elegance. The staff is very friendly and helpful. There is wireless service. A big plus because I\'m often having to finish business during my stay. Downstairs there is also a computer so you can print out airline or train tickets. Again...a nice extra. I very much appreciated the morning self-serve breakfast of "make your own waffles", bagels, toast, cereal, fruit, and hard boiled eggs. It met all the needs of my somewhat picky eater kids. Finally, I\'m an art lover. And I so appreciated being in the heart of the Art District. There are over 30 galleries and artist studios nearby. We happened to stay on an evening that was a "First Thursday Art Walk". The galleries stayed open until 8 PM and many of the artists were on hand to answer questions. The Seattle Art Museum is just a short bus or cab ride away. I have recommended the Best Western Pioneer Square Hotel to all my family and friends.',
 u'I enjoyed the stay from the checkin to the checkout. Great service and I felt right at home. Thank you.',
 u'Historic hotel, great location and the staff was amazing! My husband, daughter (who is 5) and I stayed at the BW Pioneer Square Hotel last October for one night (2008). The staff was very friendly. Our hotel room was clean and my we appreciated the free internet in our room. Breakfast was perfect! The hotel has a complimentary deluxe breakfast (fruit, cereals, bagels and waffles). The rooms are quiet and the hotel is in a convenient location. We walked from the hotel and back to the Space Needle, Fish Market and Pacific Place mall. I would recommend this hotel for anyone traveling to Seattle',
 u"My girlfriend and I spend two nights at the Pioneer Square Best Western in January while we were in town for the boat show. I have been staying at the hotel at least once a year since it was renovated in the early 90's. A friend told me about its very competitive rates and close in location to the market/downtown as well as to the stadiums and waterfront. PSH is not the flashiest place in town, meal service is limited to a simple coffee/pastry service, but it is almost always the best value in town--the rooms are as nice as you see in the best western urban niche, and the staff and service are exceptional. I like that it is only a short walk to the the waterfront and stadium district while only a short cab ride to the market and downtown. Parking is limited and off site, but for the price savings it is never an issue to me. there is usually a lot going on in Pioneer Square and only on one Mardi Gras week have I ever found a little late night revelery to be noticed from my room. the best rooms are the ones with balcony's and I always stay in one of them.",
 u'Pioneer Square has everything, shops, restaurants. State Ferry 1 blk for water, City bus 1 blk to everywhere, AMTRAK short walk, ball parks just a short walk. Hotel quiet, Continental breakfast more than adequate for big eaters. Only 1 nite but will go back to Seattle and this hotel. Retirement bonding trip with brother, great time.',
 u'The Pioneer Square Hotel is a good location for the attractions in the historical part of Seattle and is close to the ferry service. There are several restaurants nearby that are fun and casual. However, the surrounding area appears to be "home" to several homeless persons, but there were no problems with any harassment. It was not a problem for us. The hotel was recently renovated and is clean with spacious rooms and a reasonable price. Breakfast, though, was mediocre, but we didn\'t expect anything great. It is well worth considering if you looking for a good hotel in that area of the city.',
 u"This was the second time I stayed in this hotel, and it was as friendly and comfortable as last time. The staff are all nice and helpful, not to mention the hotel' s location. Strongly recommend to travellers who come to town for the first time.",
 u"My fiancee stayed in Seattle for a romantic three day two night stay. We looked for a hotel that was close enough to walk to our favorite spots within the city and decided to stay at the Best Western Pioneer Square Hotel. It is within walking distance from both the Seattle Aquarium, Pike place market, and many great restaurants. Upon first arriving I had trouble working the card key lock but the bell hop was very friendly and assisted us getting into our room to relax. He finished showing us our room and quietly left us to start our night. Our wake up call came in on the dot which, for my hotel experience was rare but preferred. The continental breakfast was served pipping hot! Fresh Belgian waffles with coffee for my fiancee and myself. They had fresh fruit, yogurt and much more which we couldn't stuff ourselves with. However, I did sneak some fruit for later in the day. The staff was very polite and the food was never empty nor cold. After a day out we returned to a well turned down room. The front desk was more then happy to sneak a bottle of champagne into our room while we were out so I could surprise my fiancee per my request by phone. We relaxed in our room the remainder of the night. Our room had a balcony overseeing the front entrance which made it nice to watch the foot traffic of the city. After spending weekends at other hotels in the past, their prices never were justified with what we received. All of the Amenities at Pioneer Square Hotel were more then adequate and my fiancee will most definitely return. The room was superb, the staff was more then helpful, friend and went well above and beyond. If you plan on going to Seattle ANYTIME soon, I would highly recommend sneaking into this wonderful hotel and staying awhile. You won't regret it!",
 u"I had a really positive experience at the Best Western Pioneer Square Hotel. The bed was very comfortable, which is a big plus for me. It was also very quiet. Perhaps it was the time of year, I don't know. The staff was very friendly and accomodating. The concierge Greg is great! Very helpful and friendly. He greeted us with a smile and sent us off with one! I also really liked their extensive continental breakfast - the belgian waffles were a plus. It saved us money on eating breakfast out. I really appreciate that. One final note, Pioneer Square is one of the nicest parts of Seattle. It's unique, with streets lined with independent stores, and is filled with beautiful architecture. This hotel is right where you want to be. Right in Pioneer Square and very close to the waterfront (hint: eat at Ivar's Acres of Clams!!). I will definitely stay here again when I come back to Seattle.",
 u'I booked a city view room last minute for my husband\'s 50th birthday. I was relieved and surprised that the reservations were correct since it was such short notice. I also had a very last minute request...that there be something waiting in the room for my husband (card, balloons, wine, etc.). I was delighted when we arrived that the hotel staff greeted my husband with a "Happy Birthday" and when we entered our room there was a chilled bottle of sparkling wine awaiting us! It was perfect! We had a king bed in a city view room with a wonderful little balcony. It was a bit chilly, but we still managed to enjoy the balcony for awhile. The bed and pillows were great. No problems with the wireless internet. It was just a wonderful stay! We were within walking distance of everything...had a nice seafood dinner (McCormick & Schmick\'s) and visited several breweries. We had fallen in love with this hotel on a previous visit (within walking distance to Qwest and Safeco!) so we knew of the perfect little martini bar (Martin\'s Martini Heaven) just across the street from our hotel. Wonderful way to end the evening. Was a quick trip, but this hotel made it comfortable, relaxing, convenient, and romantic....just perfect!',
 u'This was Old World Excellence at it\'s best.THIS is the place to stay at when visiting the historical area of Seattle. Your right on the water front near the ferry\'s and great sea food restraunts,and still with\'in walking distance for great blues and jazz music. The staff for this hotel are excellent,they make you feel right at home. The breakfast was great.We did\'nt have to travel far to have a good cup of "JOE" and a light meal to start our adventurous day off into one of the most beautifull city\'s in america. This hotel is in an area that makes it easy to get to any place you want to go and still find your way back, I highly recomend this hotel for your next visit to seattle.',
 u"As a Travel Agent, I've stayed at quite a few hotel, but this is the only Historic hotel so far... & I loved it! Had to go back for a personal stay. The decor is beautiful, the lobby furniture fits the time period & is still comfy. The city view rooms are great - love the little balconies. Great breakfast, nice people, great location - The Seattle Underground Tours is a 1/2 block away. I've aready sent my folk there for a stay & have told others.",
 u'We attend Seahawks and Mariners games and this hotel is within walking distance of both. It is 2 blocks from the Washington State Ferry terminal so we can walk across the ferry and walk directly to the hotel. The hotel staff is always friendly, rooms are very clean and the free breakfast is a real money saver. Much more variety than most and they just added a new waflfe station. Highly recommend this hotel. Marilyn J.',
 u'Very clean. Free breakfast with good selections. Staff friendly and most helpful. A grat stay!',
 u'The Pioneer Square is a pleasant smallish hotel in an interesting corner of Seattle. Comfortable rooms and bathroom, if oddly shaped and not very large, which were fine for a short stay. The breakfasts are limited but acceptable and the breakfast room is enlivened by the sight of fellow guests attempting to work out the waffle maker. Pleasant staff and reception, apparantly family run and up to the usual Best Western standards, clean and well appointed. Several restaurants nearby but we suggest avoiding the closest, al Boccalino, a rather pretentious but unexceptional Italian 3 or 4 doors away. Expensive for what you get; we were told very offhandedly that they had no Washington wines." We are an Italian restaurant!" At $60 to $100 for bottles one would pay no more than \xc2\xa310 for in a UK off licence- forget it.',
 u'We had just arrived in downtown Seattle after debarking from the Bremerton ferry during the evening rush hour. Negotiating traffic in the rain was somewhat nerve-racking, so when we entered the hotel lobby, we probably looked bedraggled. The desk clerk immediately assessed our mental state, giving us a warm welcome and attending to the details of checking us in efficient order. Our room was wonderful, combining modern amenities with "Pioneer Square" ambiance. We will definitely be coming back to the Pioneer Square Hotel!',
 u'This is an old hotel in the original part of Seattle. Therefore, rooms are a little small. However, this also makes the location a great one for history and ambience. Above all, though, was the great personnel in the hotel - at the desk, in the breakfast room, at the concierge station. Extremely pleasant and helpful with accommodations and recommendations. The hotel is also across the street from the water and down two blocks from the underground bus station. Very convenient; very nice.',
 u'We had four great days here recently - location is fantastic given that there is so much within walking distance (including stadia and railway station), and if it rains (which is does here) transit is free in a large zone of downtown. Front desk staff could not have been more helpful and have a sense of humour, the concierge knew the answers to the questions we had, and the room was quiet and clean and comfortable. We will return....',
 u'A restored hotel in the Pioneer Square section of Seattle, this little gem was delightful. Rooms are small, but clean and tasteful. The only thing better was the hotel staff! They were extremely helpful, professional and knowledgeable about the area. All their recommendations were on the mark! Would definitely return!',
 u'We have called this hotel home for 3-4 nights once a year for the past five years. The staff is wonderful, the rooms are clean, and the breakfast is great. No views but we stay on the go so much that who cares. You can walk to Safeco for ballgames, walk to Pike Market, the Art Museum, the library, three book stores, and you are right on the waterfront. I recommend it highly and look forward to more stays.',
 u"My husband and I spent 3 nights at the Best Western Pioneer Square Hotel and it was great. The hotel is a very old one that has been completely remodeled and is just beautiful. The people who work there were very friendly and extremely helpful. The rooms were nice, large, clean and inviting. Every night the staff came by and offered more towels, turned down your bed and put candy on the pillows. The location, in Pioneer Square, was fantastic. You walk up half a block and catch a free bus to anywhere, walk down a block to the waterfront and catch the ferry to one of the islands. It was so easy to get around that we didn't bother to rent a car. We definitely enjoyed our stay and would stay there again and would recommend it to anyone.",
 u"I stayed at the Best Western Pioneer Square for two nights last month, and was very impressed. It was close to Safeco field and the other attractions in the area as well as the best continental breakfast I've ever had at a hotel. Great selection and quality items to select from. Staff was friendly and helpful with directions and bus routes (one of the stops for the bus to/from Sea-Tac is only a few blocks away). Rooms were very clean and comfortable. I didn't get any discounts on the room, but it was still a great deal compared to what other hotels in downtown were charging.",
 u"This impeccably-restored, 1880's era hotel is clean and quiet and wonderfully located in a popular historic district near the waterfront. Our train was delayed and the night desk clerk cheerfully greeted us at 3 AM and even held the door for us. The breakfast, including hard-boiled eggs, various cereals and fresh batter with waffle-maker, was delicious. It is a bit pricey but we would stay there again in a heartbeat and recommend it highly.",
 u'this hotel was a great place to stay. The rooms were very clean. and the staff very friendly and helpful. Its location is ideal to see seattle. The sports stadiums are a 10" walk or walking to Pikes market is a 15-20" walk or you can take the tram. I have stayed at this hotel several times and plan on staying there again.',
 u'We stayed 3 days, 2 nights in August. The location was perfect. The room was spacious. The front desk clerks were exceptionally helpful and kind. I would love to go back to Seattle just to stay here again. Kay California',
 u'The perfect stop after an Alaskan cruise on NCL. Took all the hassle out of getting home. They had a computer for pre-boarding on SWA. We got into our room early and were able to enjoy Seattle on foot before our flight out the next day.',
 u'The Rooms were on the large side , but unfortunately no view. It was a nice touch to have mints, apples and 2 bottles of water waiting in the room when we arrived, very nice touch. The breakfast room was to small and very crowded so we did not stay to have breakfast at the Hotel. Is centrally locacated and short walk to almost anywhere you want to be in downtown Seattle.',
 u'My husband and I just spent 6 nights in this hotel and loved every minute. The staff is friendly and efficient. We stayed for 4 nights, left to go to Victoria BC, then came back for 2 more nights. The hotel has "old world" charm. The room decor is very well done - down to the drapery, carpet and nice artwork on the walls. The bathrooms are modern and nicely sized. The beds were very comfortable. The rooms and bathrooms were spotless. The linens were fresh and spotless as well. The fresh fruit and free bottled water was a nice touch and very much appreciated. The breakfast room was clean and always stocked with the daily offerings. The coffee was good and the waffles were addicting. Even the elevator was fast and roomy. You don\'t realize how much you appreciate that until you go to another hotel where the elevators are sloooooow and tiny (as they were in our Victoria BC hotel). The Pioneer Square area is lively and exciting with lots of little shops and restaurants. We walked around the area at night and didn\'t feel unsafe. Other people mentioned street people as problematic. This is a fact of life in any large city, but none of the street people were aggressive or abusive. Just a block away, they offer a tour of Seattle Underground which was interesting. Pizza at Mario\'s was delicious. Dinner at Elliott\'s Oyster House at Pier 56 was wonderful. We found Seattle to be a great city with friendly people who are helpful and polite to tourists. We hope to visit again some day and when we do, we will again stay at the Best Western Pioneer Square Hotel.',
 u'We stayed at the Best Western Pioneer Square for 2 nights prior to our Alaskan cruise. This was a family reunion of sorts, and the hotel was wonderful in working with us to get 6 rooms with the set up needed for each family and all together on one floor of the hotel. Hotel staff VERY nice to work with. This is a perfect location for walking around downtown Seattle and the waterfront. Very easy walking to Pike Street Market, the waterfront, etc. Hotel very kindly arranged taxi van service for all of us on the morning we needed to get to the pier with all of our luggage. Rooms are small compared to some other hotels, but VERY clean and nice. Free continental breakfast was nice. There was juice, coffee, cereals, milk, danish, bagels, toast, boiled eggs, etc. Great price and great location, we will stay here on our next trip to Seattle.',
 u'This is an old hotel but totally renovated. We reserved a small room with two single beds but were upgraded to a deluxe room. We were in a corner room with a view of the Puget sound. The rooms were clean and the desk personnel were great and very helpful for touring. It is very short walk to the water front area. There are several great restaurants within walking distance. A great place to stay in Seattle.',
 u"We stayed here for a girls' trip in a standard double double. The hotel is well located, across from the ferry docks, and within walking distance to public transportation. The rooms are small, and the view from our window was not great. But the staff was wonderful and the continental breakfast in the morning with eggs, yogurt, oatmeal, toast and muffins, fruit, etc. filled us up. We spent three nights here and had a wonderful time. I would not recommend this hotel for a big group or family, since the public spaces tend on the small side. Nice get away for singles or couples trips.",
 u"This is a very old and colorful area. Yesler Way where this hotel is location is on the original skid row. This was orginally a muddy road that logs were dragged (skidded) up to get to Yesler's mill. Thus, the term skid row was was given to this area. Loggers and millworkers being lonely at times liked to frequent the business that sprung up around this area. They also got a bit thirsty!!! I previously lived in Seattle for about 15 years. I rode or walked by the hotel several times and never gave it a thought. Was looking for a hotel close to the train station, by the bus stop, and close to the waterfront. You step out the door of the hotel and turn left walk about a block and your at the ferry terminal on the waterfront. You walk out the hotel door and practically next door is the bus stop for FREE bus service within the Downtown core. The Klondike Gold Rush museum is also in the area. They sometimes offer free walking tours that include a trip to the top of the Smith Tower (originally the tallest building on the West Coast). If you walk north up 1st Ave about 6-7 blocks & at the Seattle Art Museum (SAM) and the Pike Place Market. The rooms were small, but the hotel was built in the early 1900. The room was immaculate, and because of something we were given an upgrade to a deluxe room with city view. We got in about 9pm and walked to the waterfront. Ivars is open until late. We found a really good deal. They extend their Happy Hour on Fridays til closing. Well drinks, wine are $3.00. Limited menu but I got fried oysters for $4.95, can get Fish & chips also for 4.95 with view table looking out as the ferry terminal. We will definely recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to Seattle. The most beautiful city on the planet!!!!!",
 u'One of the more affordable and better hotels in the city of seattle. I had a great time during my stay because of great service and friendly employees. The location is convenient and parking is cheap. I give this hotel an A+',
 u'Spent 4 wonderful nights in Seattle. Caught a Seahawks game, and did some sightseeing. The hotel staff was professional. The free continental breakfast was nice, and the room was comfortable for a family of four. The only flaw I found. Our high speed internet connection did not work in the room. But, they have a computer in the conference room downstairs for guests so not a big issue. The area in Pioneer Square was nice and to all of the shops we hit on 1st Ave. Despite some older reviews concerning the homeless people we never encountered any aggressive homeless person nor did we ever feel threatened. The restaurant next to the hotel (Julies Garden) was good with big portions. But, our spot was the Pho restaurant across the street from the hotel. We cant wait to come back to Seattle for another Seahawk/Mariner game. We will definitely stay at the Best Western Pioneer Square. John Phillips',
 u'My husband and I stayed 2 nights at this small, and historic hotel before our South Pacific cruise. Every thing was fine for us, excellent quality-price: - walking distance to most of the best attractions such as Pioneer Square (historical square, but a bit spooky day & night), Pike Place Market (so lively, we met Rachel, the pig, and many many other Rachel all over the center... cute!), the Waterfront, the Business District, etc. - free bus to the other main attractions - free wireless Internet in our room (we highly appreciated!) - very courteous, and helpful personnel - free & light breakfast, very practical. The room was comfortable, big enough for 2 persons, tastefully decorated but not well organized (nice but too big furniture), especially the bathroom as someone else mentioned. Before checking at the hotel, we visited the University District, which is far from the center but worthwhile to visit by car (we came from Vancouver with a rented car - a 3 h drive). Immediately after checking (our room was not ready), we returned our car. The rented car office was, again, within walking distance from the hotel. We were glad to have done that because although the Hotel offers parking spaces, they were far from the hotel, and expensive, and we do not need a car to visit Seattle. Public transport seems very well organized at least during the week. Seattle is a pleasant city, easy to visit; people were really nice and helpful with us, tourists (as in Vancouver by the way). Terminal 30, where our ship, Sun Princess, docked was close (a short taxi drive), not far from the stadium. But do not think about walking there: it seems to me a labyrinth of highways... I would certainly return to this hotel, and recommend it, if it is less expensive than big hotels nearby, which in our case were anyway all full.',
 u'Dear Jo, We wanted to thank you and let you now how much we enjoyed our stay at your beautiful hotel. Your rooms are very nicely decorated and extremely comfortable. We traveled with Russ and Rosemarie Regn. Thank you for also including us a bottle of champagne and basket of goodies. They shared their bottle with us the first night. We shared ours with them the second night. Thank you for your hospitality. The extra courtesy you extended to us as well made our stay very memorable. It was a pleasure meeting you. There is so much to see and do in Seattle. Much more than I was aware of. Loved the Pike Place Market! The tour of Seattle is definitely worth it! We will certainly recommend your place to others. Greetings from Delaware! Russ and Pat Clatts',
 u'Nice and clean, with some character. Very friendly and helpful front desk staff. Fantastic location.',
 u'Stayed here for 2 nights at the start of our West Coast Adventure. Really nice hotel with great (and cheap) chinese next door. Clean, big room and free internet. Only complaint was the tiny bathroom - nowhere to lay anything.',
 u"My husband and I spent a week in Seattle, basically did a sightseeing/pub crawl tour of the city. This hotel is the only one in Pioneer Square, and it is within walking distance of everything. In fact, it's across the street from the waterfront, which is a popular place to go walking and sightseeing. We never rented a car or taxi; didn't need one. Granted, we walked about 3-5 miles a day, but stopped anywhere we wanted along the way. You don't need a car in the city, and you have to call for taxis anyway...why not walk? The room was always clean, and a decent size for the two of us. It had a weird smell though, but it wasn't something we couldn't tolerate, though. It is very charming and cozy, and is within a few yards of great restaurants and bars. In fact, out of all the meals we ate, the restaurant next door, Al Boccalino's, was the best. They provide room service for the hotel, and they have some of the best Italian food I've ever had. Somewhat pricey, but it was SO good. Hotel staff were friendly, but not the most knowledgeable of all the questions I asked (such as, can they help with reservations for the Victoria Clipper, what bus # do we take to go to Ballard, etc.). But, they were very nice and always tried to help. The hotel was quiet when we were there, even though it seemed to be very crowded. I would recommend it to anyone. With our AAA membership, we paid $161 a night, except for Friday night, which was more expensive.",
 u"Not your normal Best Western, this is a charming hotel in a great location. High ceilings and warm appointments, room quality is excellent and spacious, particularly considering the architectural restrictions of an older building. Use the tiny elevators, or what the heck... climb the wide staircases... it's good for your heart. Step outside into the fun of day or night life in Seattle. You are one block from the waterfront and trolley, and one block from tons of buses. On the opposite end of town from the Space Needle, there are loads of stores, shops and eateries nearby. Bring comfy walking shoes. Down an alley next to the hotel, i.e., one block directly behind the hotel is a wonderful diner, complete with quaint vinyl booths, where you can get a tasty, filling and affordable breakfast. Get a good rate, and this hotel is a sure winner.",
 u"Location, location, location. Leave the car at home, take the train to Seattle: PSH is within walking distance from King Street train station. Located in the heart of historic Pioneer Square, it's convenient to waterfront, antiques, art galleries, designer-furniture, fine restaurants and pubs, clubs and theaters, the International District, Pike Place Market, downtown ferries and Alaska Marine Hwy. I've stayed there in 2004, 2005, and recommend it to all my friends.",
 u"I love this hotel! The staff was amazing, we had never been to Seattle before and were probably terribly annoying with our endless questions and need for directions, but the staff was extremely patient and every person we talked to was just great! I can't say enough good things about the Best Western Pioneer Square, we chose it for the location, but the room was spotless and we had such a great time, we will definitely be back!",
 u"We stayed here in late August. This hotel is a decent stay for a decent price for this time of year. The service is awesome. They would clean our room in the morning and again in the late afternoon with candy on the pillow. It is in such a historic area and right across the street from Pier, underground tour and waterfront walk. The area is in a positive transistion for such an older area of town. Lots to see and do and easy to catch the bus to other areas of town. Hotel is totally redone and refurbished with great service. If you don't care about having a room with a view, much cheaper rates. It is however in the older area of town and the panhandlers are everywhere. Panhandlers are quite polite, but aggresive."]
done in 0.030s.
Extracting tf-idf features for NMF...
done in 0.061s.
Extracting tf features for LDA...
done in 0.028s.

Fitting the NMF model (Frobenius norm) with tf-idf features, n_samples=2000 and n_features=1000...
done in 0.198s.

Topics in NMF model (Frobenius norm):
Topic #0: hotel seattle room pioneer square great staff stay breakfast best rooms location walk good area free walking western downtown close
Topic #1: friendly helpful clean staff good character location fantastic desk nice free breakfast stay lots appointed complimentary nicely gem great definitely
Topic #2: blocks rail light station airport 50 amtrack took pike worked tac walk market sea walked cruise waterfront terminal person clean
Topic #3: terrific upgraded room view good quick exceptional suite arrived particularly street totally check single small fact extra facilities faced extremely
Topic #4: great size bed nights comfortable stayed room items spacious breakfasts days service instead expectations facilities far european fantastic famous family
Topic #5: site spot vintage appearance checking parking style use attractions blocks distance located waterfront close old walking hotel nice clean room
Topic #6: spring knew basket anniversary champagne activities closest week charming return waiting including fun year wonderful end district arrived feel distance
Topic #7: field safeco enjoy waterfront going game quest feel stocked special handy qwest ave walk years place blocks stayed times professional
Topic #8: station super ball st quiet king little underground great close amtrak game short store cool bus concierge 99 walk street
Topic #9: excellent 100 service right price night stay breakfast certainly help hotel home received way access having arrival travellers assistance finding

Fitting the NMF model (generalized Kullback-Leibler divergence) with tf-idf features, n_samples=2000 and n_features=1000...
done in 0.459s.

Topics in NMF model (generalized Kullback-Leibler divergence):
Topic #0: hotel seattle square staff pioneer breakfast room stayed great just western best waffles like time night stay location nights things
Topic #1: staff friendly breakfast location stay helpful clean walk stayed great nice good free rooms recommend desk easy waffles perfect water
Topic #2: pike walking market walk blocks station hotel place waterfront distance underground walked tour rail bus street restaurants took airport historic
Topic #3: room nice street use did good internet upgraded check high walking small ll area reviews quite rate night shops wi
Topic #4: seattle walking view great stayed room trip small street good historic nice rooms location walk water underground happy wonderful distance
Topic #5: stay hotel parking night staff time right located old friendly rooms service attractions lot don away large tour quite style
Topic #6: hotel seattle staff recommend walking room stay distance return wonderful including desk rooms transportation pike washington small extremely breakfast quiet
Topic #7: square room waterfront safeco pioneer staff western market staying stadiums place old pike years street professional stayed rooms helpful pikes
Topic #8: square pioneer restaurants quiet comfortable clean rooms helpful underground close bed western spacious great station pleasant little super located old
Topic #9: service stay way excellent night stayed thank towels breakfast home great day right getting outstanding foot traffic definitely housekeeping place

Fitting LDA models with tf features, n_samples=2000 and n_features=1000...
done in 0.307s.

Topics in LDA model:
Topic #0: hotel great room seattle stay parking small waterfront free did square staff rooms tour desk best good walking block pioneer
Topic #1: hotel room location breakfast clean great staff friendly stay close seattle good place walking parking night nice stayed helpful free
Topic #2: hotel room seattle great staff pioneer square breakfast stay location best clean good friendly walk free helpful nice rooms walking
Topic #3: hotel stayed staff walk breakfast good parking camera pike shops market lot nice night seattle friendly away square downtown place
Topic #4: historic hotel staying helpful street stay allowed august exceptionally middle nice nights stars wonderful close south time lively couldn return
Topic #5: pioneer room square hotel parking area western perfectly located street charm worth staff downtown seattle cost zone close did television
Topic #6: hotel great market walk square walking underground pioneer bus tour property stay seattle area friendly old straight free close hard
Topic #7: staff hotel good great breakfast location helpful like friendly seattle close bus time free square stay rooms clean pioneer came
Topic #8: room free came quiet pioneer king large seattle modern place asked breakfast ferry staff friendly talked wifi period variety kept
Topic #9: hotel seattle square room pioneer breakfast blocks tour old staff free block pike western nights walked way excellent friendly great
